Simulacion de la certificacion Automation Anywhere Certified Automation360 Advanced
Septiembre 10/2023



1. A bot developer wants to run a bot on a different device that is not currently registered in the Control Room. 
To activate this local device, the bot developer installs the Bot Agent to the local device. 
What should the bot developer do next?

A. Ensure that the Bot Runner network credentials are set under the device credentials section in the Control Room
B. Enter the username and password under the device credentials section in the Control Room
C. Ensure that the local device login credentials are set under the device credentials section in the Control Room *
D. Ensure that the Bot Runner's Control Room credentials are set under the device credentials section in the Control Room

Answer:...?

Analisis: El perfil del usuario solo puede contener un conjunto de credenciales usuario y clave para el CR, 
las credenciales se aplicaran al dispositivo donde se ejecute el bot.


2. What actions are needed for a citizen developer to create an automation?

A. Log in to the Enterprise A2019 Control Room, create a new bot, and add the desired actions that allow the bot to execute the business process 
   knowing exactly what to do when and how to make decisions.
B. Launch the local Bot Agent, create a new bot, and add the desired actions that allow the bot to execute the business process knowing exactly what 
   to do when and how to make decisions
C. Ensure files are only located on network folders are available when needed in the business process
D. Log all activities in a dedicated logfile (using the ’Log To File’ action) so that it can be tracked at any time if a bot executes unauthorized
   actions

Answer:.?

3. A clerk in an insurance office consolidates 100 customer details daily, which are scanned and saved in a folder. Which packages from A2019 
would help the bot developer automate this process?

A. Packages: Image Recognition, Loop, String
B. Packages: OCR, Loop, Dictionary.
C. Packages: PDF, Loop, Dictionary
D. Packages: OCR, Loop, String

Answer:..?

Analisis:
Explanation: https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprisecloud/topics/aae-client/Bot-creator/commands/cloud-ocr-command-using.html  https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aaeclient/Bot-creator/commands/cloud-dictionary-command.html 

4. A bank runs applications using Unix Systems for security purposes. After identifying many repetitive processes, they decide to automate 
the files operations in Unix System with the help of A2019. How can the bot developer handle this without using the Files/Folders action?

A. Use Recorders in the Unix OS
B. Use Image Recognition for Cut, Copy and Paste operations
C. Use the Simulate Keystrokes action
D. Use the Terminal Emulator action and call shell commands.

Answer:....?

5. ABC, a manufacturing company emails a PDF file that includesa list of items to be procured to many vendors. All vendors reply to ABC with 
quotations in the standard Excel format. Quotations from all vendors are consolidated in a master Excel file and the three lowest bidders are 
identified. Based on the quality of service from the three vendors, one is chosen by the Manager and an email is sent for confirmation. 
Which packages from A2019 would help the bot developer automate this process?

A. Packages: Excel, PDF, Email, and Message Box
B. Packages: Excel, PDF, and Prompt
C. Packages: Excel, Email, and Prompt
D. Packages: Excel, PDF, Email, and Prompt.

Answer:....?

6. A bot developer installs a Bot Agent on a local device. When the bot is run from the workbench, an error to input device credentials is received. 
Which credentials should be used to resolve this error?

A. Windows username and password.
B. Control Room username and password
C. Single Sign-On credentials
D. Credentials for the application you are automating

Answer:.?

Analisis: An error to input device credentials is received. So Input Device is Windows System.  / https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/controlroom/devices/cloud-add-local-device.html

7. A bot developer installed a Bot Agent with administrator rights successfully for the first time but cannot create a bot with the universal 
recorder. What would be the first step to resolve the issue?

A. Reinstall the Bot Agent
B. Restart the computer
C. Restart the Bot Agent service
D. Verify that the Bot Agent is connected to the Control Room.

Answer:....?

8. A bot developer has logged into a Control Room with a Bot Creator account to build a bot. 
When trying to record a process from the workbench, 
the following error is generated: “Device is disconnected". Where should the administrator go to check the device status?

A. User profile
B. Audit Log
C. Add new device
D. Devices>My Devices.

Answer:....?

9. The Quick Inventory Management Bot reads data from an Excel workbook (Inventory.xlsx) that stores stock data for various materials. 
When the stock falls below a pre-defined level, it updates another Excel  workbook (OrderForm.xlsx) that maintains re-order information. 
However, when the Bot runs, the  Inventory.xlsx workbook is getting updated instead of the OrderForm.xls workbook.  What is the cause of the problem?  

A. Both worksheets are stored in the same folder  
B. Both worksheets are stored in different folders  
C. Both worksheets are open in different sessions  
D. Both worksheets are open in the same session.

Answer:....?

10. A bot developer wants to take a CSV file and write the rows into an XLSX file. What process can they follow to do this using the fewest lines of code? (Choose two)

A. Read from the CSV and loop through each row, then loop through each value in a record. Write one line to the Excel file in the inner loop, 
   then change to the next row in the outer loop.
B. Read from the CSV file then use Log to File to write a line of data to an XSLX file
C. Read from a CSV file, use Excel basic to create a new spreadsheet, loop through each row, then loop through each record and write each cell using the nested loops.
D. Read from the CSV file, assign each value in the Record variable to the appropriate variable, then write a line of variables to the Excel file using a single line

Answer:. ...?

Analisis: https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aae-client/Botcreator/commands/cloud-example-transferring-data-from-text-file-to-excel-worksheet.html 

11. After reading data from several CSV files using a loop through files in a folder, a bot developer discovers the first line of data repeats for every
    CSV file in the folder. How can they eliminate the duplicated data?

A. Change add another Loop inside the table loop to loop through each value in a record and add a condition to eliminate the duplicate data
B. Change the Loop iterator to 'for each row in a table'.
C. Change the Open CSV action and ensure 'contains header' is selected
D. Change the Read from CSV action to skip the first row

Answer:..?

Explanation:  https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v11.3/page/enterprise/topics/aae-client/Botcreator/commands/loop-command.html 

12. A bot developer has a CSV file which contains five columns separated by commas. They create a Bot to  extract data from the first column of the CSV 
    using the Open and Read actions of the CSV/TXT package.  However, the Bot extracts five items in a row, not only the first item.  Why is this occurring?  

A. The selected encoding in the CSV/TXT package Open action was not aligned to that of the CSV file  
B. The Delimiter of the Open
C. The Delimiter of the Open action in the CSV/TXT package was set to 'Newline'. 
D. The 'Trim leading spaces' and 'Trim trailing spaces' check boxes are on in the Open action of the  CSV/TXT package  

Answer:...?

Analisis:  https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aae-client/Botcreator/commands/cloud-opening-csv-text-file.html


13. While capturing a series of steps in a process to fill out a web-based form, the resultant Recorder: Capture actions have errors in the captured text. 
    On playback, the bot fills out the form with varying speeds where some letters are typed individually, and other cells are populated completely. 
    How can the bot developer change the code to have consistent playback?

A. Edit the Recorder: Capture lines and clear the Delay parameter to remove the keystroke delays
B. Rerecord the actions at a slower pace for better accuracy
C. Use Recorder: Capture to select the field, then simulate keystrokes to consistently fill in the data.
D. Delete the recorded actions and add a Recorder: Capture action for each field on the webpage

Answer:...?

Analisis:  https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aae-client/Botcreator/commands/enter-data-into-webform-from-file.html 

14. A bot developer is writing up the requirements document for a use case where data from a Microsoft Excel workbook is moved to new worksheets within the workbook. What packages should be specified in the requirements document?  

A. Excel advanced package  
B. Excel basic package  
C. XML package  
D. Database package  

Answer:.?

Analisis:  https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aae-client/Botcreator/commands/cloud-excel-command.html 

15. A bot developer is using the Universal Recorder to automate a process. 
What precaution should the bot developer take for this purpose?

A. Ensure that you run the application before starting the Recorder *
B. Set the scaling for the display to 200%
C. Ensure that the application is not running
D. Ensure that you run the application after starting the Recorder

Answer:.?

16. A Bot developer Mr. Kalp is using the Universal Recorder to automate a process.  
Which two precautions are necessary? (Choose two.)  

A. Set the scaling for the monitor to 150%  
B. Ensure that you run the application before starting the Recorder  
C. Set the scaling for the monitor to 100%  
D. Ensure that you run the application after starting the Recorder  

Answer:... ....?

Analisis: https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprisecloud/topics/aae-client/Bot-creator/using-the-workbench/cloud-using-the-recorder.html

17. A Bot is executed to extract data from a web table with values ranging from 10,000 to 10,000,000 and  write it to a CSV file. 
When the CSV file is opened after execution, each row of data has a different  number of columns.  
How would the Bot developer modify the Bot to correct the issue?  

A. Use the correct column identifier by opening with the 'Sheet contains a header' variable  
B. Delimit variable names with double quotes  
C. Use a string operation to filter out commas from the data  
D. Manually remove the commas before running the automation  

Answer:.?

Analisis: https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprisecloud/topics/aae-client/Bot-creator/commands/cloud-opening-csv-text-file.html 

18. The finance team needs to automatically email dozens of reports to different teams in the company. 
Which methods could help the bot developer achieve this? (Choose two.)

A. Use the Email: Send Email action specifying a privately hosted POP3 email server with its relevant contact and access information to send the email *
B. Use the Email: Send action specifying Outlook to send the email *
C. Use the Email: Send Email action specifying an email server with its relevant contact and access information to send the email
D. Use the Email: Send Email action specifying the local Windows messaging service with its relevant access information to send the email
E. Use the Email: Connect action specifying the local Windows messaging service to send the email

Answer:. ..?

19. A recorder is used to capture a series of steps to ﬁll out a web-based form. On playback, there is an inconsistency noticed in filling out certain fields of the form. Some fields are filled out faster than the others. 
How can the bot developer change the code to ensure consistent playback?

A. Edit the Recorder: Capture actions and clear the Delay parameter to remove the keystroke delays
B. Use Recorder: Capture to select the field, then simulate keystrokes to consistently fill in the data *
C. Re-record the actions at a slower pace for better accuracy
D. Delete the recorded actions and add a Recorder: Capture action for each field on the webpage

Answer:..?

20. A bot developer has recorded a process that edits user information via a web-based form. The bot works fine for a certain users (the one recorded), However, the bot fails for any other user and displays 
and error message 'cannot find window or application that was open during recording'. What should the bot developer do to allow the bot to be used with a variety of user IDs?

A. Create a bot for each user
B. Adjust the window variable created by the recording to accept a wildcard in the window title*
C. Adjust the Object properties to be more generic
D. Create a variable to adjust the Object properties dynamically

Answer:..?


21. A developer has recorded a process that edits user information via a web-based form. The Bot works fine  for a certain user IDs (the one recorded), 
but any other user ID fails with the message 'cannot find  window or application that was open during recording'.  
What should the developer do to allow the Bot to be used with a variety of user IDs?  

A. Adjust the window variable created by the recording to accept a wildcard in the window title  
B. Create a new Bot for each userid  
C. Adjust the Object properties to be more generic  
D. Create a variable to adjust the Object properties dynamically  

Answer:.?

Analisis: https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprisecloud/topics/aae-client/Bot-creator/commands/cloud-using-wait-window-action.html 


22. A Bot developer wants to sort rows of invoice line items based on a numerical quantity column. They  have captured the data for the row into a variable 
but are unable to select the variable in the If condition.  Which two processes can they use an If condition for, based on numerical value? (Choose two.)  

A. Use Number: Assign to assign a record index value to the Number type variable  
B. Use the Error handling action to catch errors in the number formatting  
C. Use Excel actions and simulate keystrokes to perform the sorting in Excel  
D. Convert the record value to a string and then convert the string to a number  
E. Use String: To number to convert the record index value into a Number type variable 

Answer:.. ....?

23. A Bot has been created to run a Python script using inline scripting. When the Bot runs, it fails to execute  the Python script. What is causing the problem?  
A. Python Runtime is not installed on the bot runner device  
B. Java Runtime is not installed on the device  
C. JavaScript is not enabled on the browser  
D. Python scripts are not supported in Automation Anywhere Enterprise 2019  

Answer:.?

Analisis:  Select the runtime version based on the version of Python installed on the device.  https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aae-client/Botcreator/commands/cloud-python-command.html 


24. A bot developer is creating a bot that uses the Universal Recorder to do the following:

1.	Access a currency converter website
2.	Enter a currency symbol to find out its exchange rates to the US Dollar
3.	Retrieve the result and store it in a variable
4.	Display the value of the variable in a message box. 

However, when the bot developer runs the bot, the message box is empty. 
What should the bot developer do to fix this?

A. In step 3. set the Action for the object to 'Left click' and ensure that the correct variable name is specified in the 'Assign the output to variable' field
B. Use a different browser
C. In step 3, set the Action for the object to 'Get property and specify the correct property name
D. Recapture the object in step 3

Answer:...?

25. After entering the purchase order record into the order system, the system will display a pop-up window 
showing whether the data was successfully entered or not. To confirm the data entry status, what is the best IF condition for this situation?  

A. Window exists  
B. Window is found in window  
C. Image file is found in image file  
D. Image file is found in window 

Answer:.?

26. A junior Bot developer created a Bot to filter out values less than 5000 in the Total column (the third  column in the web table) of a financial report.  
To filter the data, what is the first step the Bot developer should take before writing the if condition?  

A. Use the if condition to check if the record (3) is less than 5000  
B. Convert the Total column to number  
C. Convert the Total column to string  
D. Use the if condition to check if the record (2) is less than 5000  

Answer:..?

Analisis:  This question referred for FIRST STEP, so developer will convert the columns to number. 

27. A Bot is scheduled to run weekly to download PDF files from an FTP server and then process them  through IQ Bot. 
Last night’s run failed with an error “Unable to connect to the FTP server 192.168.21.21.  Use valid connection parameters and try again.”  
What is the best way to make this Bot work properly?  

A. Make sure the FTP credentials are correct  
B. Make the connection to the FTP server prior to running the Bot  
C. Use the Ping: Ping ip address, action  
D. Use the If: Ping is successful, action  

Answer:..?

Explanation: Use the Connect action to establish a connection with the FTP/SFTP server that you want to  use to automate tasks. 
This must be the first action you use to automate an FTP/SFTP-related task.  
https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aae-client/Botcreator/commands/cloud-ftp-sftp-command.html  
https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aaeclient/bot-creator/commands/cloud-using-ftp-connect-action.html 

28. A manager has multiple files that are created on a daily basis and placed into multiple, specific folders on  the manager’s personal computer. 
The manager wants to automate a process to move these files from their current locations into different locations on a 
network folder that the manager’s team can access.  What are two steps that a Bot developer should use to address this request? (Choose two.)  

A. Writing files to websites through a direct link  
B. Reading files on the local device on which the Bot is executed  
C. Reading from/writing to files in a personal folder in the Control Room  
D. Creating files on the network folder  

Answer:.. ....?

Analisis: Read the questions properly as Manager using personal computer and have personal folder and also wants to move files in Network folder 
so that Team can access.

29. A bot developer is responsible for processing expense reports submitted by employees in the organization. The developer wants to
create a bot that reads a set of expenses submitted and then sends them for approval to the appropriate approvers. 

If the expense value of a line item in the report is under $15, the bot should ignore the record and process the next record. 

If the total value of all expenses in the expense report exceeds $1500, the bot should stop processing and send an email to the submitting 
employee that the value exceeds policy limits. 

Which approach will the bot developer use in the bot?

A. The If...Else If...Else actions to build the logic
B. The Number actions to build the logic
C. The Loop action, specify Loop: Continue when the line item value is under $15 and specify Loop: Break when the total expense report value exceeds $1500
D. The Loop action, specify Loop: Break when the line item value is under $15 and specify Loop: Continue when the total expense report value exceeds $1500

Answer:...?

Analisis: “If the expense value of a line item in the report is under $15” 

30. A bot developer needs to provide a mechanism to log issues within a bot in a production environment while providing an inline resolution for
known fault scenarios. Which tool allows this result?

A. Analyze Package
B. Variable watcher
C. Error handler Package
D. Debug tool

Answer:...?

Analisis:  https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aae-client/Botcreator/commands/cloud-error-handling-command.html 

31. A bot needs to loop through a specific process 10 times. 
While executing the Loop, the number variable used does not change value.  
What is used to keep track of the number of iterations of the Loop? 

A. In Loop: Times create and select a number variable to assign the current value  
B. Use the '$Counter$' variable  
C. Use an Excel formula to loop through the cells 
D. Use the value after the Loop and decrement it manually  

Answer:.?

Analisis:  https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v11.3/page/enterprise/topics/aae-client/Botcreator/using-variables/how-to-use-array-variable-in-loop-command.html 

32. A Bot captures a data table and stores it into a table variable. A Bot developer needs to loop through the table variable 
and filter based on a data value from one of the columns. Which two variable types are needed to complete the filter? (Choose two.)  

A. String  
B. *Record  
C. Datetime  
D. Boolean  

Answer:. ..?

Analisis:  https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aae-client/Botcreator/using-variables/cloud-record-variable.html  https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aae-client/botcreator/commands/cloud-string-operation-command.html 

33. A Bot developer creates a Bot that loops through an Office 365 Excel Spreadsheet. 
When they run the  Bot, they receive an error: Cannot find any open spreadsheet action using session name “Default”.  What action is likely missing?  

A. CSV/TXT: Open  
B. Office 365 Excel: Open  
C. Analyze: Open  
D. Application: Open program/file  
E. Office 365 Excel: Get multiple cells  

Answer:. ..?

Analisis: https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aae-client/Botcreator/commands/cloud-office-365-excel-package.html 

34. A Bot developer is creating an automation in Excel and is running a large macro to collect data from  different systems. 
The macro varies in how long it takes to run but once complete, it highlights cell A1 red  if any errors are found. 
If no errors exist, the macro highlights A1 to green. Depending on the color, the  Bot developer has different workflows to automate. 
They are not able to get the Bot to pick up the  correct color because the Bot attempts to get this color before the macro changes it.  
How can the Bot developer best prevent this issue?  

A. Use the ‘Delay’ action to create a long static delay  
B. Use the ‘Wait for Window’ action to wait for the Excel window to open  
C. Use the ‘Wait for Screen Change’ action to wait for the cell to change color  
D. Use the ‘Wait for Condition’ action to test if the macro is completed  
E. Create API calls to get the cell color from Excel  

Answer:...?

Analisis:  Wait for screen change - Use the Wait for screen change action to wait for the content of a specific screen or 
the entire window to change before executing the next action.  

https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aaeclient/bot-creator/commands/cloud-using-wait-screen-action.html 

35. A Bot developer is creating a Bot to extract data from a web page. 
The Bot developer wants to ensure that the web page loads entirely before 
the next action is executed.  
What action can the Bot developer include in the steps?  

A. Wait: Wait for screen change  
B. Window: Activate  
C. Wait: Wait for window  
D. Browser: Launch Website  

Answer:...?

Analisis: Use the Wait for window action to wait for the specified window to open or close before  executing the next action.  
https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aaeclient/bot-creator/commands/cloud-using-wait-window-action.html 

36. A project manager is reviewing a Bot designed by a RPA developer. 
The project manager observes that network fluctuations result in the web 
application taking varied times to open, and sometimes it fails to load 
the screen resulting in failure of the Bot.  
What should the Bot developer do to resolve the issue?  

A. Use the Wait for Condition action  
B. Use the Delay action for screen to load  
C. Use the Activate Window action after screen is loaded  
D. Use the Random Delay action for screen to load  

Answer:.?

Analisis:  Wait for Condition - Use the wait for condition actions in the Wait package to add a condition to wait for  an application screen to change, 
or a separate window to open or close before proceeding to the  next action.  
https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aae-client/botcreator/commands/cloud-wait-command.html 

37. A Bot developer deploys a Bot which keeps failing between two actions. The failing action depends on the completion of the previous Task Bot, Run action. 
The previous task Bot is creating a file for use in the current Bot. How should the Bot developer modify the Bot to prevent failure?  

A. Manually click the Pause button during the execution of the Bot  
B. Add the Hold action to pause the Bot  
C. Add the Delay action and determine the amount of time needed  
D. Add the Wait for condition action and select the proper condition  

Answer:....?

Analisis:  The previous task Bot is creating a file for use in the current Bot. - Makes the bot wait until a specific condition is true before executing 
the next action. In the Wait till field, specify the condition to meet. For example, the wait condition can be based on whether 
an application is running, a folder or file exists,  a variable matches the specified value, an application window exists, or a machine or server is running.  
https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aae-client/botcreator/commands/cloud-wait-command.html 

38. The Dev’s international business unit sent a file to be imported into an accounting general ledger system by a Bot. 
During execution, the Bot failed due to an invalid date format.  Which two of these packages can resolve the issue? (Choose two.)  

A. Datetime  
B. String  
C. Clipboard  
D. Number 

Answer:. ..?

39. A manager wants to set up automatic file archiving for files in a specific location that have not been updated in a week.  
How would a Bot developer meet this request while looping through each file in the folder?  

A. Assign the name and extension to the Dictionary type variable. To move the files, use the File package Move action.
B. Assign the name and extension to the Table type variable. To move the files, use the File package Archive action.
C. Assign the name and extension from the Dictionary type variable. To move the files, use the File package Copy action and Delete action. *
D. Assign the name and extension to the Table type variable. To move the files, use the File package Copy action and Delete action.

Answer:...?

40. What will be the result if the following parameters are specified in the String:
Substring action? 
• Source string: Today 1 US Dollar is equal to 70.162249 INR 
• Start from: 31 • Length: 5  

A. 70.162249 INR  
B. 70.162249  
C. 70.16 INR  
D. 70.16

Answer:....?

41. What will be the result if the following parameters are speciﬁed in the String: 
Extract Text action?
• Source string: Today 1 US Dollar is equal to 0.8984 EUR
• Before and/or after: selected
• Start after text: equal to
• End before text: EUR

A. 8984 EUR
B. 8984
C. 0.8984 *
D. 0.8984 EUR

Answer:...?

42. Organization A wants their email process to be automated. By using Automation 360, Email Subject and Email Sender are recorded into a CSV File. Which packages and variables should be used by the bot developer?

A.
Packages & Actions: Email, Log to File and Loop | Variables DataType: Table
B.
Packages & Actions: Email, Write to File and If | Variables DataType: String
C.
Packages & Actions: Email, Write to File and Loop | Variables DataType: List
D.
Packages & Actions: Email, Log to File and Loop | Variables DataType: Dictionary

Answer: ....?

Analisis: Email Subject and Email Sender are recorded into a CSV File.  

https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v11.3/page/enterprise/topics/aae-client/Botcreator/using-variables/dictionary-type-variables.html  
https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aaeclient/bot-creator/commands/cloud-using-email-properties.html 

43. A Bot developer is looking to leverage the Credential Vault to store user data for an ERP application. 
They would like to store their URL, username, password, and API Key in the vault. How can this best be accomplished?  

A. Create a credential with four attributes to hold this data *
B. Create a credential request to have IT add this information
C. Create 4 lockers to hold this data
D. Create 4 credentials to hold this data

Answer:.?

Analisis: Create credential- Give the credential a name and add attributes for example, username,  password, or others, 
to make it available for use in other TaskBots and MetaBots.  
https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v11.3/page/enterprise/topics/aaedeveloper/aae-use-crendential-valult-to-store-sensitive-data.html 

44. A company has strict policies to ensure data security and strictly enforces password security. 
A Bot developer is developing a Bot that requires connecting to a MySQL database to retrieve data. 
The  database administrator is not able to share the database password due to security policies.  
How will the Bot developer work with the database administrator to ensure that the Bot can successfully connect to the MySQL database 
without violating the security policies of the organization?  

A. Use Single Sign-On for authentication  
B. Store the password in a text file on a shared drive that only the database administrator can access  
D. Ask the database administrator to input the password whenever the Bot runs  
D. Create a Credential Vault to store the password in an encrypted format 

Answer:....?

45. A Bot developer is assigned a process to automate. One of the steps in the process involves logging in to an application. 
When building the Bot, the Bot developer does not want to expose the login information.  
What are the ways the Bot developer can accomplish this request? (Choose two.)  

A. Use the Recorder tool with credentials  
B. Use the Capture area action with credentials  
C. Use the Simulate keystrokes action with credentials  
D. Add a comment to not look at the login information 

Answer:. ...?

46. A Bot developer is building a Bot for a highly secure website. 
Due to security concerns, login information cannot be stored in an insecure place.  
How can the developer best maintain security in this scenario?  

A. Store the credentials on a secure FTP server  
B. Store the credentials in a TLS-encrypted XML file  
C. Store the credentials in the Credential vault  
D. Store the credentials in a base-64 encoded XML file  

Answer:...?

Analisis:  https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/controlroom/Bots/credentials/cloud-credentials-overview.html 

47. A Bot developer is looking to create an automation where their Bot connects to a SQL instance and runs a few queries.  
What action should be used as a first step in their workflow?  

A. Use the ‘Run Stored Procedure’ action  
B. Use the ‘Data Table’ action  
C. Use the ‘Connect’ action  
D. Use the ‘XML’ action  
E. Use the ‘Begin Database Transaction’ action  

Answer:.?

Analisis: Questions asking “FIRST STEP”. Stored procedures are a set of SQL statements that are created and stored in the database. 
These SQL statements might be complex and have to run multiple times. Use the Run stored procedure action to execute existing stored procedures. 
https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aae-client/Botcreator/commands/cloud-using-database-run-sp-action.html 

48. A Bot built a long time ago uses old versions of packages, yet continues to work properly.  
Why should the package references not be updated to the latest versions?

A. It will prevent the Bot from being checked in.  
B. It may affect all the Bot’s package references.  
C. It will prevent the Bot from being checked out.  
D. It may change the parameters for some actions. 

Answer:..?

49. A Bot developer has completed an end-to-end automation and is looking to incorporate user inputs into the Bot. 
The intent is to run this in an attended fashion in production. What actions can they use to achieve this?  

A. Use the ‘Create Inputs’ action packages to prompt for input  
B. Use the ‘Message Box’ action to ask users to input data into a message box  
C. The user must first mark this Bot as Attended in the Control Room. This will unlock attended action packages.  
D. Use the ‘Prompt’ action packages to prompt for input  
E. Use the ‘Attended’ action packages to prompt for input  

Answer:.....?

Analisis: https://www.automationanywhere.com/rpa/attended-vs-unattended-rpa 

50. A developer is building a Bot to run daily reports. If any errors occur in the web app while the report is  running, a window titled ‘Error’ 
with important information is displayed. The developer would like to capture this window when errors occur and save it to a local file on the desktop.  
What action package should be used to capture the desired data?  

A. OCR > Capture Image by Path  
B. Image Recognition > Find Image in Window  
C. Send Keystrokes > Alt + PrtScn  
D. OCR > Capture Area  
E. Screen > Capture Window  

Answer:.....?

Analisis: The developer would like to capture this window when errors occur and save it to a local file on the  desktop - 
Use the Capture window action of the Screen package to capture an open application window. 
https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aae-client/Botcreator/commands/cloud-using-screen-capture-window.html 

51. While verifying a Bot using the Debug feature in the Bot, a Bot developer identifies an error in the Bot steps. 
The Bot developer is unable to edit the step. What should the Bot developer do to fix this?  

A. Exit the Debug mode  
B. Restart the Automation Anywhere Bot Agent Service  
C. Check out the Bot  
D. Use a different browser 

Answer:.?

52. A Bot is not executing expected actions within an 'if' statement. What should the Bot developer do to present a visual indicator that 
the Bot flow is performing actions  within the 'if' statement?  

A. Write a message using the Log to file action to write the variables to a file  
B. Use the Excel – set cell action to update the record in the Excel file  
C. Use the Excel – get cell action to look up the error code in the Excel file  
D. Use the Message box action inside the 'if' statement  

Answer:....?

Analisis:  https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aae-client/Botcreator/commands/cloud-perform-an-if-condition-based-on-cell-value.html 

53. A developer is attempting to run a Bot locally but receives the following message: “Unexpected error  setting up a new user session”.  
What three steps would reveal the root cause of this error? (Choose three.)  

A. Confirm that the local device is connected to the Control Room.  
B. Review the Audit Log for more detailed information.  
C. Use the Error Handler ‘Catch’ action to find more detailed information  
D. Verify the device username is correct in the user profile  

Answer:. .. ....?

Analisis:  https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aae-client/Botcreator/working-with-automation-tasks/cloud-troubleshoot-new-user-session.html 

54. A Bot developer is developing a Bot on an ERP system that helps with the creation of a support ticket.  
What are the two benefits of creating a Bot using the modular concept rather than putting everything in one Bot?  

A. Makes Bot faster  
B. Makes the Bot easier to read and update  
C. Makes the Bot more secure  
D. Enables reusability  

Answer:.. ....?

Analisis:  https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v11.3/page/enterprise/topics/aae-developer/aae-Botmodular-logic.html 

55. Bot A is required to execute different actions based on the status of a parameter from Bot B. 
The Bot developer wants to ensure portability and maintainability of the Bots. 
How would the Bot developer accomplish this?  

A. Use the Catch action as a trigger to execute the different actions in Bot A  
B. Run Bot A from Bot B while passing the parameter as an Input Variable * 
C. Create a temporary file to pass the results of Bot B to Bot A  
D. Store the status of Bot B in a database and read it from Bot A 

Answer:..?

56. A developer is creating three Bots and wants to pass the variables among them. The second Bot must accept the values from the first and pass them to the third.  
How can this be configured?  

A. Use the default setting  
B. Send the variables to Bot insight  
C. Make sure all the variable names match in each Bot  
D. Variables must ‘Use as input’ checked  

Answer:....?

Analisis:  https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aae-client/Botcreator/commands/example-of-Bot-credential-variables.html 

57.A bot developer is tasked to create a modular bot that will be made available to all citizen developers. 
The modular bot and each calling bot will be able to communicate with each other. 
What condition should the bot developer implement?

A. A modular bot can contain only variables tagged as either Use as input or variables tagged as Use as output *
B. A modular bot can contain variables tagged as Use as input and/or variables tagged as Use as output
C. The citizen developer should create a Dictionary variable that will be available in all bots
D. The citizen developer should create a Credential Vault variable that will be available in all bots.

Answer:.?

58. A Bot developer is tasked to create a modular Bot that will be made available to all citizen developers.  
The modular Bot will be able to communicate back with the calling Bot.  
What should the Bot developer’s action be to accomplish this?  

A. In the modular Bot, create a variable that is tagged 'Constant (read-only)'.  
B. All variables from the calling Bot are accessible within the modular Bot so no additional action is required.  
C. In the modular Bot, assign the return value(s) to the 'prompt-assignment' variable that will  automatically be picked up by the calling Bot.  
D. In the modular Bot, create a variable that is tagged 'Use as output'. 

Answer:....?

59. An administrator is trying to call a child Bot from the parent Bot, and needs to pass five distinct values from parent to child Bot.  
What variable type is best suited for this scenario?  

A. Dictionary  
B. Table  
C. List  
D. String  

Answer:.?

Analisis: https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprisecloud/topics/aae-client/bot-creator/commands/cloud-using-run-action.html 

60. Due to modularization, multiple Bots were created. All the Bots are called in sequence from a parent Bot.  
Variables are declared as Input/Output variables in a child Bot.  By using the TaskBot: Run action, a string variable was selected as an output variable 
in the parent Bot.  On executing the Bot, it throws an error related to the output variable.  What is the likely reason a manager is requesting automation 
for this error?  

A. The variable in the ‘Assign variable to output’ selection in the parent Bot must be of the DataType 'Dictionary'  
B. The repeat N times option was not selected in TaskBot:Run action  
C. The variable in the ‘Assign variable to output’ selection in the parent Bot must be of DataType  'List'  
D. The string variable in the parent Bot must also be declared as output variable 

Answer:.?

61. A developer creates an automation that includes many error-prone actions. How can the developer handle the potential errors?  

A. Include all error-prone actions into a 'Catch' action and catch all possible types of errors.  
B. Execute a 'Log To File' action right after each error-prone action to document the error in a file.  
C. Put the error-prone actions into a loop and iterate until all the actions succeed.  
D. Include all error-prone actions into a 'Try'  action and catch all possible types of errors.  

Answer:....?

Analisis: https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprisecloud/topics/aae-client/Bot-creator/commands/cloud-error-handling-command.html 

62. A developer needs to prepare an automation to handle unforeseen events but still execute some code if those events happen.  
Which two does the developer need to consider in the solution? (Choose two.)  

A. Each 'Finally' action after a 'Try' action will only be executed in case an action inside the 'Try' action caused certain execution errors.  
B. A 'Finally' action placed after a 'Try' action will always be executed.  
C. A 'Finally' action after an empty 'Catch' action.  
D. A 'Finally' action can be used without prior usage of a 'Catch' action.  

Answer:.. ...?

Analisis:  The finally statement enables you to execute code after try and catch, regardless of whether an  exception occurs or not.  

https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aae-client/Botcreator/commands/cloud-error-handling-command.html 

63. A project manager wants to make changes to a Bot stored in private tab. They have asked the Bot developer to move the Bot to public tab, 
but the project manager is not able to edit the Bot.  What is the likely reason for this?  

A. If a Bot has been checked out from the Private Tab, it can be viewed and run by other people, but  cannot be edited.  
B. If a Bot has been checked out from the Public tab, it can be viewed and run by other people, but  cannot be edited. 
C. If a Bot or file has been checked in from the Private tab, it can be viewed and run by other people,  but cannot be edited.  
D. Public Bots and files can be viewed, run, and checked out by other people, based on permissions set by the administrator.  

Answer:....?

Analisis:  https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/controlroom/private-Bot-store/cloud-apeople-user-access.html 

64. A Bot developer builds a Bot and is planning to schedule the Bot for execution on Bot Runners. 
While trying to schedule this to run at 11:00 AM every Monday, the Bot developer does not see their Bot populating in the list of available Bots. 
How can the Bot developer resolve the issue?  

A. Export the Task Bot  
B. Check out the Task Bot  
C. Check in the Task Bot  *
D. Import the Task Bot  

Answer:...?

Analisis: Check in the TaskBot files or folders to the public workspace from the private workspace to make it available for all users who 
have the permission to access and run the TaskBot.  
https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aaeclient/bot-creator/working-with-automation-tasks/cloud-bot-check-in.html

65. During the automation of an Excel spreadsheet, a macro must be called from the spreadsheet itself.  Which package should be used to achieve that result?  

A. Office 365 Excel  
B. Excel basic  
C. Database  
D. Excel advanced  

Answer:....?

Analisis:  https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aaeclient/bot-creator/commands/cloud-excel-worksheet-operations.html 

66. A bot sends an email to the Lead at the end of a process using Microsoft Outlook when it is run on the  developer’s device. 
When the same bot is run on a Bot Runner, the bot fails to send the email and  displays an error for the Send Email line number.  
What should be done to fix this error?  

A. Ensure the Bot Runner device user has Microsoft Outlook installed  
B. Use a DLL API to send the email  
C. Ensure the Bot Runner device user has a profile created for Microsoft Outlook  
D. Determine the SMTP parameters and edit the Send Email action 

Answer:...?

67. A bot developer is creating a bot that reads a table in a web page, writes the data into an Excel  worksheet, and performs some calculations based on this data.  
What are the three most efficient actions needed to accomplish this? (Choose three).  

A. Inline scripting  
B. Excel Advanced actions  
C. Simulate Keystrokes action  
D. Table variable  
E. Universal Recorder 

Answer:.. .... .....?

68. Bot developer installed Bot Agent on local device. When you run the Bot from the workbench, you receive an error message asking for the device credentials.  
Which of the following credentials do you use to resolve this error?  

A. Single sign-on (SSO) credentials  
B. Credentials for the application to be automated  
C. Control Room username and password  
D. Windows desktop user name and password 

Answer:....?

69. A Bot developers needs to automate the following process:  
1. Receive daily reports with emails with specific subject lines  
2. Download the report  
3. Format the report in Excel (e.g. sort columns, remove unnecessary columns, filter the required rows)  
4. Save the report with a time stamp  
5. Log in to SAP  
6. Upload the report to SAP.  

What actions would be used in the Bot for Step 2?  

A. Email: Save attachments  
B. Excel advanced: Save workbook  
C. Email: Move all  
D. Email: Save email  
E. Excel advanced: Convert excel to PDF 

Answer:.?

70. There is a CSV file that contains five comma-separated data. Bot developers have created a Bot that extracts the data contained in the 
first column of this CSV using Open and Read in the CSV/TXT package, but when executed, the Bot extracts the first item 
as well as the five items contained in the row. What is  the cause of this?  

A. The encoding selected in the Open action of the CSV/TXT package is not consistent with the encoding of the CSV file  
B. In the Open action of the CSV/TXT package, the Trim Leading spaces and Trim Trailing Spaces (Trim Trailing Spaces) check boxes are selected.  
C. Newline is selected for the Limiter delimiter in the Open action of the CSV/TXT package  
D. In the Open action of the CSV/TXT package, "Other" is selected for Delimiter, and a comma is entered in the Specific Delimiter field.  

Answer:....?

Analisis:  Other: Enables you to specify a delimiter other than the options listed above  
https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aaeclient/Bot-creator/commands/cloud-opening-csv-text-file.html 

71. A Bot developer has been asked to build a Bot that records processes within an application. This process includes data entry into multiple fields 
in different sections. How the Bot developer will fulfill this request?  

A. Click Record, select an application, and click each section.  
B. Click Record, select an application, and click on each field.  
C. Click Record to select an application and select each section on the tab  
D. Click Record, select an application, and press Enter key in each field 

Answer:....?

72. A Bot developers needs to automate the following process:  
1. Receive daily reports with emails with specific subject lines  
2. Download the report  
3. Format the report in Excel (e.g. sort columns, remove unnecessary columns, filter the required  rows)  
4. Save the report with a time stamp  
5. Log in to SAP  
6. Upload the report to SAP.  

What actions would be used in the Bot for Step 3?  

A. Mouse: Click  
B. If: Else  
C. List: Add item  
D. Excel advanced: Sort table  
E. Excel advanced: Format worksheet 

Answer:....?

73. A bot developer is designing a bot to perform automation on an SQL server database. There are multiple conditional queries 
affecting multiple records of dependent tables in different databases. The developer must ensure that if the bot fails midway during the query execution process, 
the changes in the tables will be successfully completed or rolled back to their original state. How would the developer accomplish this?  

A. The developer should use the Begin/End Database Transaction action in the Database package  
B. The developer should use the Managed Stored Procedure action in the Basic Excel package  
C. The developer should use the Run Stored Procedure action in the Advanced Excel package  
D. The developer should use the Connect/Disconnect action in the Database package 

Answer:.?

74. The finance team wants to automatically email dozens of reports to managers in each department in the company. 
How the Bot developer will fulfill this request? (Choose two.)  

A. Use the Email: Send action to send an email with local Windows Message Service and related access information  
B. Send an email using the Email: Send action to specify Outlook  
C. Use the Email: Send action to send an email specifying thePOP3 mail server on the private host and the relevant contacts and access information  
D. Use the Email: Send action to send an email with the mail server and related contacts and access  information 

Answer:.. ....?

75. A Bot developer is creating Bots that use Universal Recorder to perform the following processes:  

1. Access the Currency Conversion Website  
2. Enter a currency symbol to calculate the exchange rate for 3 USD  
3. Get the results and store them in a variable  
4. Display the value of the variable in a message box.  

However, when Developer ran the Bot, he got a blank message box.  How the developer will fix it?  

A. In the third step, set the action of the object to Get property and specify the correct property name.  
B. In the third step, set the action of the object to Left click and verify that the correct variable name is specified in the Assign the output to variable field.  
C. Recapture the object for the third step  
D. Use a different browser 

Answer:..?

76. A bot developer is running a loop through each row in a table but needs to keep track of how many iterations occur. 
There does not seem to be any system variable that keeps track of iterations. Which two actions can be used in the bot’s code to address this issue? 
(Choose two.)  

A. Create a Number variable to store the count  
B. Convert the Number variable to a string to record in a log to file  
C. Use the inline data conversion to log the Number variable to a file without needing to convert it to a string  
D. Create an Any variable to store the count  
E. Use the Number: Increment action to increment the number variable inside the loop 

Answer:. .....?

77. For security reasons, Organization A has collected citizenship cards of all 15000 employees which need to be uploaded to an HR Portal. 
HR employees have submitted the citizenship card in PDF format. The HR portal allows only JPG image files to be uploaded. 
How should the bot developer automate this process?

A. Loop through each PDF file saved in a folder, use the Extract image Action from the PDF package to convert PDF to Image format and upload the 
image to the HR Portal using Recorder.
B. Loop through each PDF file saved in a folder. Use the OCR package to convert the PDF to image format and upload the image to the HR Portal 
using Recorder.
C. Loop through each PDF file saved in a folder. Use the Capture Window action from the Screen package to capture the PDF window, save as Image 
format and upload an image to the HR Portal using Recorder.
D. Loop through each PDF file saved in a folder, use the image Recognition package to convert the PDF to Image format and upload the image to the 
HR Portal using Recorder.

Answer:....?

Analisis. https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aaeclient/Bot-creator/commands/cloud-extracting-image.html 

78. A bot is supposed to open Google Chrome. It works correctly on User-A system but instead opens Internet Explorer on User-B system.  
What is the possible reason for this phenomenon?  

A. This bot calls the Browse package: Launch website action which set the browser to 'Default Browser'.  
On User-A system the default web browser was Google Chrome and on User-B system, it was Internet  Explorer.  
B. This bot calls the Browse package: Launch website action which set the browser to blank. 
On User-A  system the default web browser was Google Chrome and on User-B system, it was Internet Explorer.  
C. This bot calls the Browse package: Launch website action which set the browser to 'Google Chrome' and turned on the 'Override default browser' check box. 
On User-A system the default web browser  was Google Chrome and on User-B system, it was Internet Explorer.  
D. This bot calls the Browse package: Launch website action which set the browser to 'Internet Explorer' 
and turned on the 'Override default browser' check box. On User-A system the default web browser  was Google Chrome and on User-B system, it was Internet Explorer. 

Answer:.?

79. A bot developer wants to automatically retrieve stock market values from a web portal and automatically send them to another team. 
What action would help the bot developer achieve this?

A. Use the Data Table: Assign action and assign the table to a local variable of type 'Table'
B. Use the Recorder: Capture>Get table action and save the table into a CSV file*
C. Use the Get total rows action under Recorder: Capture and save the table into a local variable of type Any
D. Use the Get cell action under Recorder: Capture and save the table into a local variable of type Any

Answer:..?

80. A business analyst wants to automatically retrieve stock market values from a web portal and automatically send them to another team.  
What action would help the bot developer to achieve this?  

A. Use the Recorder: Capture-Get table action and save the table into a local CSV file  
B. Use the Recorder: Capture-Get cell action and save the table into a local variable of type 'any'  
C. Use the Data Table: Assign action and assign the table to a local variable of type 'Table'  
D. Use the Recorder: Capture-Get total rows action and save the table into a local variable of type  'any'  

Answer:.?

Analisis:  https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aaeclient/Bot-creator/using-the-workbench/cloud-using-recorder-extract-table-data.html 

81. A developer needs to automate the following process:
1.	Receives daily reports in an e-mail with a specific subject
2.	Downloads the report
3.	Formats the report in Excel (i.e. sorts columns, removes unnecessary columns, filters required rows.)
4.	Saves the report with a date-time stamp
5.	Logs in to SAP
6.	Uploads the report into SAP

What action would be used in the Bot for step 6?

A. SAP: Set text 
B. Excel advanced: Save to SAP
C. Excel advanced: Convert excel to PDF
D. Excel advanced: Create workbook

Answer:.?

Watch this useful video - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5xVxXQxSb0 

82. A Bot Runner is trying to run Bot on another device that is not registered in control room. To activate the local device, 
Bot Runner installed the Bot Agent on the local device.  What should Bot Runner do next?  

A. Set local device login credentials to Control Room Devices > Devices  
B. Set local device login credentials to control room user profile  
C. Set Bot Runner's Control Room login credentials to control room user profile  
D. Set Bot Runner's Control Room login credentials to Control Room Devices >Devices 

Answer:....?

83. To manage overtime work effectively, a bot developer is building a bot to check employees work time at the end of every month using the timesheet 
CSV file downloaded from the attendance system. The timesheet CSV file contains each employee’s position and total working hours in a month. 
The bot should find all employees who worked overtime for more than 20 hours but exempt the managers.  
What are the two If conditions that could be used to build the bot? (Choose two.)  

A. String condition  
B. List variable  
C. Numeric condition  
D. Check key  

Answer:.. ....?

/Analisis: Use the List variable condition to execute actions based on whether the specified list  variable contains a particular value. 
The value can be of Number, String, or Boolean data type.  
Use the Check key condition to execute actions based on whether the value of the specified key is Equal  to or Not equal to, or 
Contains or Does not contain the target value.  
https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aaeclient/bot-creator/commands/cloud-if-command.html 

84. A developer is creating a bot to generate a report and wants to ensure the bot will create a new report every time it runs.  
Which IF condition would verify that we are not overwriting an existing file?  

A. File size  
B. File exists  
C. File date  
D. File format 

Answer:..?

Analisis: Developer wants to avoid overwriting existing files so the File exists command can check the whether the File/Report is exist or not.  
https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v11.3/page/enterprise/topics/aae-client/Botcreator/commands/if-else-command.html 

85. A Bot developer is getting financial data from a website and using the data to create a Bot Insight dashboard. 
The variables selected in the Analyze: Close section of the Bot include the variables for the financial data, but the dashboard is not being created. 
The Bot fails with a data error on line 9 (Number:  Assign). Troubleshooting shows that the error occurs for the data: $7,452.  
What process should be followed to correct the error and create the dashboard?  

A. Unselect a variable from the Analyze: Close action  
B. Use a Try-Catch to escape Line 9 when an error occurs  
C. Use a Replace action to remove non-numeric characters from number fields  
D. Check if the data is properly encoded (ANSI, UTF-8, etc.)  

Analisis:  Use the Read from CSV/Text command to automate the process of reading data from CSV and Text files and encode the files using ANSI, Unicode, or UTF8.  
https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v11.3/page/enterprise/topics/aae-client/botcreator/commands/csv-text-command.html 

Answer:....?

86. A Bot developer is creating automation that must consist of multiple Bots.  How the developer makes sure that the developer main Bot information 
is available to all sub-Bots?  (Choose two)  

A. Create a variable in a sub-Bot and tag it as input  
B. Create a variable in a sub-Bot and tag it as constant input  
C. Create variables in sub-Bots and tag them as input and output  
D. Create variables in sub-Bots and tag them as constants  

Answer:.. ...?

Analisis:  https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aaeclient/Bot-creator/using-variables/cloud-create-variable.html 

87. A bot developers needs to provide a mechanism to log problems issues within a bot in a production environment while providing an inline resolution for known fault scenarios. 
How can the bot developer achieve this?

A. Debug Tool  
B. Analyze Package  
C. Variable watcher  
D. Error handler Package 

Answer:....?

88. The user is trying to extract the table data from the web page and save it to a CSV file. What steps should developer use after using the 
(Browser: Open Website) action?  

A. Assign the output to a table-type variable and use the Log to file package to write the data of the table variable to a CSV file.  
B. Assign the output to a string type variable and write the string variable data to a CSV file using the  Log to file package.  
C. Assign the output to a table-type variable and write the data of the table variable to a CSV file using the Write to file action of the Data Table package.  
D. Assign the output to a string type variable and write the data of the string variable to a CSV file  using the Loop and Log to file packages. 

Answer:...?

89. A Bot that needs to loop through a particular process 10 times. The developer using a numeric variable,  but the value didn't change when I ran the loop.  
What do you use to track the number of loop iterations?  

A. Create a numeric variable with the number of iterators Loop and specify it as a variable to assign the current value  
B. Loop and then manually reduce one by one using that value  
C. Use the $Counter$ variable  
D. Loop cells using Excel formulas 

Answer:.?

90. A bot developer is given the requirements to create a bot that repeats 10 steps. If the first five steps are true, the bot should stop processing.  
How should the developer meet this requirement. 

A. Write a loop using the Loop: Break action  
B. Write a loop using the Loop: Continue action  
C. Use the Try: Catch, Finally action  
D. Use the If: Else action  

Analisis: Loop: Break Use the (Loop: Break) action to describe a loop.  
https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprise-cloud/topics/aaeclient/forms/add-form-to-Bot.html 

Answer:.?

91. A Bot developer is creating Bots that loop through Excel spreadsheets in Office365. When he ran Bot, getting an error with the message 
"Cannot find any open spreadsheet action using session name 'Default'" (no action was found to open the spreadsheet using the session name 'Default').  
Which of the following actions are considered missing?  

A. Office 365 Excel: Get multiple cells  
B. CSV/TXT: Open  
C. Office 365 Excel: Open  
D. Analyze: Open  
E. Application: Open program/file  

Answer:...?

Explanation: https://docs.automationanywhere.com/bundle/enterprise-v2019/page/enterprisecloud/topics/aae-client/Bot-creator/commands/cloud-office-365-excel-package.html 
Dev, VB. Automation Anywhere Certified Advanced RPA Professional (A2019): Automation Anywhere Enterprise A2019 certification - Exam Preparation (p. 33). Kindle Edition. 

92. A bot developer needs to automate the following process:
1.	Receives daily reports in an e-mail with a specific subject
2.	Downloads the report
3.	Formats the report in Excel (i.e. sorts columns, removes unnecessary columns, filters required rows.)
4.	Saves the report with a date-time stamp
5.	Logs in to SAP
6.	Uploads the report into SAP

What action would be used in the bot for step 2?

A. Excel advanced: Convert excel to PDF
B. Email: Save email
C. Email: Move all
D. Email: Save attachments 
E. Excel advanced: Save workbook

Answer:.....?

93. A bot developer used the Browser: Launch website action to open the following web page: http://rpademo.automationanywhere.com/rpadaq, captured the table from the open browser, 
and completed the steps to write the tables to a CSV file. When the bot is run, Google Chrome launches and the following error occurs: “Cannot find window or application titled 
'Sample Index Page - Internet Explorer' that was open during recording.” How can this error be resolved?

A. Specify a browser in the Browser: Launch website action *
B. Recapture the table using the default browser
C. Run the bot again with all browsers closed prior to running
D. Use a Table variable instead of an Any type variable to capture the contents of the table

Answer:.?


94. A bot developer used the Browser: Launch website action to open the following web page: http://rpademo.automationanywhere.com/rpadaq, captured the table from 
the open browser, and completed the steps of the task to write the tables to a CSV file. When the bot is run, Google Chrome launches and the following error occurs: 
“Cannot find window or application titled ’Sample Index Page - Internet Explorer’ that was open during recording." How can this error be resolved?

A. Recapture the table using the default browser
B. Run the bot again with all browsers closed prior to running
C. Use a Table variable instead of an Any type variable to capture the contents of the table
D. Define a specific browser in the Browser: Launch website action

Answer:....?

95. A bot developer has created a bot to extract data from a CSV file and load it into the Excel format. The bot is running successfully but the
Excel file at the destination is not opening during execution, resulting in the inability to monitor the data being loaded in the Excel file. 
What is the reason for this issue?

A. The bot developer selected the Read action instead of the Open action for the Excel file
B. The bot developer needs to use the Excel Basic package in the bot
C. The Excel file is in read-only mode
D. The bot developer needs to use the Excel Advanced package in the bot

Answer:....?

96. A bot developer needs to automate the following process:
1. Receives daily reports in an e-mail with a specific subject
2. Downloads the report
3. Formats the report in Excel (i.e. sorts columns, removes unnecessary columns, filters required rows.)
4. Saves the report with a date-time stamp
5. Logs in to SAP
6. Uploads the report into SAP

What action would be used in the Bot for step 3?
A. Excel advanced: Sort table
B. List: Add item
C. If: Else
D. Excel advanced: Format worksheet
E. Mouse: Click

Answer:.?

97. The Commission calculator bot reads rows from an Excel worksheet one-by-one and updates a form in SAP. The bot uses a Loop action
with the iterator 'For each row in worksheet' and assigns the current value to a variable called 'currentRow'. However, the variable does not
seem to appear in the list for selection. What change should the bot developer make to resolve this issue?
A. Remove the _ (underscore) symbol from the variable name
B. Declare the variable as a 'Record' type
C. Declare the variable as a system variable
D. Declare the variable as an 'Array' type

Answer:..?

98. A developer has been asked to build a bot to record a process within an application. 
The process involves entering data into multiple fields
within different sections. How would the developer accomplish this request?
A. Click Record, select the application, and click through each of the sections
B. Click Record, select the application, and enter through each of the fields
C. Click Record, select the application, and tab through each of the sections
D. Click Record, select the application, and click through each of the fields

Answer:....?

99. A bot developer is creating an automation that needs to consist of multiple bots. 
What are two ways they can ensure that information from the main bot is available in all sub bots? (Choose two.) 

A. The bot developer creates variables in the sub-bots and tags them as input and constant
B. The bot developer creates variables in the sub-bots and tags them as	input
C. The bot developer creates variables in the sub-bots and tags them as	constant
D. The bot developer creates variables in the sub-bots and tags them as	input and output

Answer:.. ....?

100. A developer is writing a bot to be scheduled to download the previous days reports from SAP. After running the report, the developer finds
that the bot downloaded all reports from the past month. How can this issue be resolved?

A. Use the Datetime: Is after action, then an If: Boolean conditional statement on the returned variable
B. Add the If: Date is after, conditional statement
C. Restrict the users’ access to SAP reports from yesterday
D. Change the report in SAP to only download yesterday’s report

Answer:.?

101. While designing a bot, a bot developer captures the application page by its window title and Path as parameters for correct object
identification. The bot runs successfully when the window title is consistent but fails if the window title is inconsistent, even though the
same Path exists. What are the two ways to resolve this issue? (Choose two.)

A. Convert the window title alone
B. Use the variable operation
C. Use the wild card character for capturing the window title
D. Convert the window title as a variable

Answer:... ....?

102. A user needs to append a CSV file with the daily sales numbers from and ERP application (one data set per day). 
A bot developer would like to automate this operation. After getting the data from ERP, application what should the bot developer do next?

A. Add data using the Log to file action *
B. Open an existing CSV file using Excel basic: Open action and add data using Excel basic: Get cell action
C. Open an existing CSV file using Excel advanced: Open action and add data using Excel advanced: Get cell action
D. Open an existing CSV file using CSV/TXT: Open action and add data using CSV/TXT: Update action

Answer:.?

103. A bot is supposed to open Google Chrome. It works correctly on user A’s system but instead opens Internet Explorer on user B’s system. 
What is the possible reason for this?

A. This bot calls the Browser: Launch website action which set the browser to blank. On user A’s system, the default web browser was Google Chrome and on user B’s system, it was Internet Explorer.
B. This bot calls the Browser: Launch website action which set the browser to 'Default Browser'. On user A’s system, the default web browser was Google Chrome and on user B’s system, 
it was Internet Explorer. *
C. This bot calls the Browser: Launch website action which set the browser to 'Internet Explorer' and turned on the 'Override default browser' check box. On user A’s system, 
the default web browser was Google Chrome and on user B’s  system, it was Internet Explorer.
D. This bot calls the Browser: Launch website action which set the browser to 'Google Chrome' and turned on the 'Override default browser' check box. On user A’s system, 
the default web browser was Google Chrome and on user B’s system, it was Internet Explorer.

Answer:..?

104. A bot developer used the Browser: Launch website action to open the following web page: http://rpademo.automationanywhere.com/rpadaq, 
captured the table from the open browser, and completed the steps to write the tables to a CSV file. 
When the bot is run, Google Chrome launches and the following error occurs: 
“Cannot find window or application titled 'Sample Index Page - Internet Explorer' that was open during recording.” How can this error be resolved?

A. Specify a browser in the Browser: Launch website action *
B. Recapture the table using the default browser
C. Use a Table variable instead of an Any type variable to capture the contents of the table
D. Run the bot again with all browsers closed prior to running

Answer:.?

105. A bot developer is creating an automation that needs to consist of multiple bots. 
What are two ways they can ensure that variable values from the parent bot are available in the child bots? (Choose two.)

A. All variables in the parent bot are automatically available in the child bots
B. Create variables in the sub-bots and tag them as input and output *
C. Create variables in the sub-bots and tag them as input and constant
D. Create variables in the sub-bots and tag them as input *
E. Create variables in the sub-bots and tag them as constant

Answer:.. ....?

106. A bot developer built a bot to connect to the company's call center mail server to get email from customers. 
All emails subject, recipients, senders, message, and received date, and time will be stored in a Dictionary variable. 
To ensure that the above properties exist, which If action condition should the bot developer select for this situation?

A. String variable
B. List variable
C. Check key *
D. Boolean variable

Answer:...?

107. While designing a bot, a bot developer captures the application page by its Window title and Window application path as
parameters for correct window identification. The bot runs successfully when the Window title is consistent, but fails if the window title is inconsistent, 
even though the same Window application path exists. What are the ways to resolve this issue? (Choose two.)

A. Replace only the varying Window title with a wildcard character *
B. Replace the entire Window title with a wild card character
C. Ensure that the window is maximized and the resolution is set to 1366x768 *
D. Update the DOMX path with a wildcard character
E. Replace the entire Window application path with a wildcard character

Answer:. ...?

108. A bot developer is responsible for processing expense reports submitted by employees in the organization. 
The developer wants to create a bot that reads a set of expenses submitted and then sends them for approval to the appropriate approvers. 
If the expense value of a line item in the report is under $15, the bot should ignore the record and process the next record. 
If the total value of all expenses in the expense report exceeds $1500, the bot should stop processing and send an email to the submitting employee that 
the value exceeds policy limits. Which actions should the bot developer use in the bot?

A. The Loop action, specify Loop: Break when the line item value is under $15 and specify Loop: Continue when the total expense report value exceeds $1500
B. The Loop action, specify Loop: Continue when the line item value is under $15 and specify Loop: Break when the total expense report value exceeds $1500 *
C. The Number actions to build the logic
D. The If, Else If, and Else actions to build the logic

Answer:..?

109. To read price data from a CSV file, a bot creator creates a Number variable and uses the Loop package iterator 'For each row in CSV/TXT' to build a bot. But, while setting the loop iterator's 
'Assign the current row to this variable' action, the bot creator could not find the Number variable from the drop-down list. What is the likely cause of this issue?

A. The variable type should be Record *
B. The variable type should be Any
C. The variable type should be String
D. The variable type should be List

Answer:.?

110. A bot developer wants to check if a specific push button exists on a webpage in the Internet Explorer browser. 
Which is the best If condition in this situation?

A. Image Recognition: Image file is found in image file
B. Image Recognition: Image file is found in window *
C. Recorder: Object
D. Image Recognition: Window is found in image file

Answer:..?

111. A bot developer is building a bot to run daily reports in the CRM system and send the reports to management. 
Depending on the amount of data, these reports can take between 10 and 55 minutes to run. 
Once the report has completed, a CSV ﬁle is created and placed in the local downloads folder without changing the GUI on the CRM. 
How can the bot developer best account for the inconsistencies in the time it takes to run the reports?

A. Use the Wait for Window action *
B. Use the Delay action with a setting of 3300 seconds
C. Use the Wait for Condition action 
D. Use the Wait for Screen Change action

Answer:.?

112. While developing a bot, a bot developer notices that the bot continues the automation before the target Excel file is opened, 
causing the bot to error out. This file contains 700,000 lines of data and takes between 30-90 seconds to open. 
While the file is opening, a small loading window appears and then closes just before the file is opened. 
How can the bot developer make the bot most resilient and prevent the error at this stage?

A. Use the ‘Wait for Window’ action to wait for the loading window to open
B. Use the ‘Wait for Window’ action to wait for the loading window to close
C. Use the ‘Delay’ action to create a 90 second delay *
D. Use the ‘Wait for Condition’ action to test if the file exists
E. Use the ‘Delay’ action to create a random delay between 30-90 seconds

Answer:...?

113. A business user is working on an automation to gather information from their email inbox and has used the ‘Loop for each mail in mail box’ action. 
The user would like to get certain values from each email such as To, From, and Subject. How can the user retrieve the values?

A. Use unique email IDs that are extracted in the loop
B. Use the Recorder to capture the three fields for each email
C. Use the variables named ‘emailTo, emailFrom, emailSubject that are automatically created
D. Use key-value pairs found in the Dictionary variable *

Answer:....?

114. Organization A wants their email process to be automated. By using Enterprise A2019, Email Subject and Email Sender are recorded into a CSV File. 
Which packages and variables should be used by the bot developer?

A. Packages & Actions: Email, Write to File and If | Variables DataType: String
B. Packages & Actions: Email, Write to File and Loop | Variables DataType: List
C. Packages & Actions: Email, Log to File and Loop | Variables DataType: Table
D. Packages & Actions: Email, Log to File and Loop | Variables DataType: Dictionary *

Answer:....?

115. A bot developer would like to extract table data from a web page and save it in a CSV ﬁle. 
The bot developer has captured the table using a Recorder and has set the Action to 'Get table'. 
What should they do next?

A. Assign the output to table type variable and use the Data Table package to Write to file action to write the data in the table variable to a CSV file. *
B. Assign the output to table type variable and use Log to file package to write the data in the table variable to a CSV file.
C. Assign the output to string type variable and use Log to file package to write the data in the string variable to a CSV file.
D. Assign the output to string type variable and use Loop and Log to file packages to write the data in the string variable to a CSV file.

Answer:.?

116. A bot developer is assigned a process to automate using an Unattended bot runner device. 
One of the steps in the process involves logging in to an application. When building the bot, 
the bot developer does not want to expose the login information. How can the bot developer accomplish this?

A. Use an interactive form to capture the user’s credentials to store in a variable
B. Use the Recorder: Capture action with Set text and Select a credential option *
C. Use the Prompt for value action to capture the user’s credentials to store in a variable
D. Use the Recorder: Capture action with the Enter keystrokes… option

Answer:..?

117. A bot developer is building a bot to run daily reports. If any error occurs in the web application while the report isrunning, 
a window titled ‘Error’ with important information is displayed. The developer would like to capture an image of this window when an error occurs 
and save it to a local ﬁle on the desktop. Which action should the bot developer use to use capture the desired image?

A. Screen: Capture Window *
B. OCR: Capture image by path
C. Image Recognition: Find image in window
D. OCR: Capture area

Answer:.?

118. A bot developer has completed an end-to-end automation and is looking to incorporate user inputs into the bot. 
The intent is to run this in an attended fashion in production. Which package should they use to achieve this?

A. Use the ‘Message Box’ package
B. Use the ‘Wait’ package
C. Use the ‘Comment’ package
D. Use the ‘Prompt’ package *

Answer:....?

119. While using the Debug feature in the Bot editor, a bot developer identifies an error in the bot logic, and is unable to edit the bot. 
What should the bot developer do to ﬁx this?

A. Restart the Automation Anywhere Bot Agent service
B. Use a different browser
C. Check out the bot *
D. Exit the Debug mode

Answer:...?

120. A bot developer is developing a bot on an ERP system that helps with the creation of a support ticket. 
What are the benefits of creating a bot using the modular concept rather than putting everything in one bot? (Choose two.)

A. Enables reusability *
B. Makes the bot faster
C. Makes the bot reliable *
D. Makes the bot easier to read and update
E. Makes the bot secure

Answer:. ...?

121. A bot developer is assigned to automate an end-to-end process. 
Their project manager has asked to design the bot keeping in mind the ease of review during testing. 
Which action should the bot developer use to modularize the actions within the bot?

A.Use the Merge action
B. Use the Join action
C. Use the Sort action
D. Use the Step action *

Answer:....?

122. Due to modularization, multiple bots are created. 
What approach should a bot developer take to ensure that all values are transferred between the child bots?

A. Assign values for variables in the configuration file
B. While declaring variables, select the options Use as input and Use as output in the parent bot
C. While declaring variables, select the options Use as input and Use as output in the child bots *
D. While declaring variables, select the options Use as input and Use as output in both the parent and child bots

Answer:...?

123. A bot developer is tasked to create a modular bot that will be made available to all citizen developers. 
The modular bot and each calling bot will be able to communicate with each other. What condition should the bot developer implement?

A. A modular bot can contain variables tagged as Use as input and/or variables tagged as Use as output
B. A modular bot can contain only variables tagged as either Use as input or variables tagged as Use as output *
C. The citizen developer should create a Credential Vault variable that will be available in all bots.
D. The citizen developer should create a Dictionary variable that will be available in all bots

Answer:..?

124. A bot developer needs to leverage a modular bot (botA) that was created by a citizen developer. 
What should be the chosen action to achieve this?

A. Utilize the Application: Open program/file action and select the executable of botA
B. Execute the Task Bot: Run action and select botA *
C. Add botA to the list of dependencies of the calling bot
D. Use the DLL: Run function action and select the DLL version botA

Answer:..?

125. A bot developer wants to get data from PostGreSQL database. How should the bot developer proceed?

A. The bot developer should automate with the database drivers compatible with PostGreSQL
B. The bot developer should automate a PostGre front-end
C. The bot developer should first convert the data to SQLand then automate
D. The bot developer can connect PostGreSQL directly with the Database: Connect action as it is one of the default database types *

Answer:....?

126. A bot developer is getting financial data from a website and using the data to create a Bot Insight dashboard. 
The variables selected in the Analyze: Close section of the bot include the variables for the financial data, but the dashboard is not being created. 
The bot fails with a data error on line 9 (Number: Assign). Troubleshooting shows that the error occurs for the data: $7,452. 
What process should be followed to correct the error and create the dashboard?

A. Use a Replace action to remove non-numeric characters from number fields
B. Check if the data is properly encoded (ANSI, UTF-8, etc.) *
C. Use a Try-Catch to escape line 9 when an error occurs
D. Unselect a variable from the Analyze: Close action

Answer:..?

127. Which are the key features of AI sense capability in Enterprise A2019? (Choose Two.)

A. AI Sense automatically identifies controls that Universal Recorder is unable to detect.
B. AI Sense is not suitable for applications in automation scope running in a Citrix environment
C. AISense Recorder should always be used in conjunction with the Universal Recorder.
D. AISense uses computer vision to intelligently links objects by determining their application structure to deliver change-resilient automation.
E. AISense is suitable when object-based automation fails or is not efficient for automating tasks on applications that are accessed remotely, e.g. in a Citrix environment.

Answer:.... .....?

128. A bot developer wants to preload packages in Enterprise A2019 that will help them decrease the time to run their first bot. 
Which of the following approaches is best suited for this requirement?

A. Preload all the versions of all the packages
B. Preload only the set of user specified packages
C. Preload default versions of commonly used and user specified (if any) packages *
D. Preload all available versions of commonly used and user specified (if any) packages

Answer:...?

129. A bot developer wants to provide a set of four options to an end user. 
While the bot is executing, the end user is expected to choose one option based on which action the bot is supposed to perform. 
Which of the following options supports a solution to the requirement best?

A. Use a prompt for value action, trigger loop and break statement to achieve this objective
B. Use an interactive form, trigger loop and break statement to achieve this objective
C. Use an interactive form and a trigger loop to achieve this objective
D. Use prompt for value action to receive input from the end user *

Answer:....?

130. A bot is designed to send an email using Microsoft Outlook. 
When it is run on another device, the bot fails to send an email and displays an error for the Send Email line number. 
What should be done to fix this error?

A. Determine the SMTP parameters and edit the Send Email action
B. Ensure the Bot Runner device user has a profile created for Microsoft Outlook *
C. Use a DLL API to send the email
D. Ensure the Bot Runner device user has Microsoft Outlook installed

Answer:..?

131. Organization A wants to send salary slips in PDF format to its 15000 employees. 
They also want to password-protect the salary slip with a password. 
What is the best approach that the bot developer should follow?

A. Call the JavaScript Function from the JavaScript package
B. Loop through each PDF file saved in a folder. Use the Encrypt Document Action from the PDF package to set the password*
C. Loop through each PDF file saved in a folder. Use the Recorder to set a password in the PDF Application
D. Call the Python function from the Python Script package

Answer:..?

132. The procurement team needs to feed all the temporarily logged purchase information from one large CSV file into a finance database. 
What loop types can the bot developer use to meet this request? (Choose two.)

A. 'Iterator EXCEL 'For each row in CSV / TXT’ 
B. 'Iterator LOOP'/ 'For n times'
C. 'Iterator EXCEL ADVANCED'/ 'For each row in worksheet' *
D. 'Iterator XML'/ 'For each Node in a XML Dataset'
E. 'Iterator CSV/TXT' / 'For each row in CSV/ TXT' *

Answer:... .....?

133. A manager wants to move files on a daily basis from a folder on their personal computer to a shared folder on a network drive 
so that their team can access the files. 
The manager wants to use a bot to achieve this purpose and assigns the task to a bot developer. 
How should the bot developer go about this task?

A. Writing files to websites through a direct link
B. Read from/write to ﬁles in a personal folder in the Control Room
C. Read the files using the ‘Loop: For each folder in a folder’ action and copy the files using the ‘Folder: copy’ action
D. Read the files using the Loop: For each file in folder action and copy the files using the File: Copy action

Answer:....?

134. A bot developer creates an automation that validates the content of a data table on a record-by-record basis. 
Which two options allow the developer to access the information inside each record when iterating through the data table? 
(Choose two.)

A. Leave the Bot editor and create a credential in the Credential Vault *
B. Switch over to the variable pane and create a variable of the required variable type
C. In the appropriate field in the Property pane, click the create variable icon (x)+ to create a variable of type Record on the ﬂy *
D. Click the wand icon to create a variable of the chosen type on the fly
E. In the appropriate field in the Property pane, click the create variable icon (x)+ to create a variable of type Any on the ﬂy

Answer:. ...?

135. When switching between screens in an application, a bot periodically hangs. 
This seems to happen most when the remote system is busy and slow. 
What should the bot developer do to make the bot more tolerant of remote system pacing issues?

A. Have the system prompt you to press OK when the remote system catches up
B. Display the expected time to wait using a message box
C. Add a Delay action for the maximum expected wait time *
D. Use the Recorder: Capture action to make the remote system respond faster

Answer:...?

136. A bot developer is running a Microsoft Excel macro to change the color of one cell. The macro takes a variable length of time to complete. The bot developer is not able to get the bot to pick the correct color because the bot attempts to get this color before the macro changes it. How can the bot developer best prevent this issue?

A.
Use the Delay action to create a long static delay
*B.
Use the Wait for Condition action to test if the macro is completed
C.
Use the Wait for Screen Change action to wait for the cell to change color
D.
Use the Wait for Window action to wait for the Microsoft Excel window to open

Answer:..?

137. A bot developer has created an automation that gets the current system date and time. 
In the next step of the bot, one week needs to be added to this date. 
What type of variable should be used for this purpose?

A. A Dictionary Variable
B. A String Variable
C. A Number Variable
D. A Datetime Variable *

Answer:....?

138. To secure the invoice system access, a bot developer added system login credentials to the invoice system locker in the Control Room. 
However, when creating the bot, the bot developer is unable to view the locker for the login credentials. What would resolve this issue?

A. Ask the administrator for locker manager permission of the invoice system locker
B. Ask the administrator for locker participant permission of the invoice system locker
C. Ask the administrator for locker consumer permission of the invoice system locker *
D. Ask the administrator for locker owner permission of the invoice system locker

Answer:...?

139. A bot developer is in the process of building 10 bots that all access a website and log in with the same administrator credentials. 
The company policy requires the administrator account to change their password every 30 days. 
What should the bot developer do to handle these password changes requirements?

A. Create a separate bot to manually change bot passwords every 30 days
B. Store the credentials in a locker in the Credential Vault and use an API to update the password every 30 days *
C. Ask the IT Security Team to remove the 30-day password policy for bot-specific accounts
D. Create separate login accounts for each of the 10 bots

Answer:..?

140. A bot that manipulates various .xlsx files is deployed on a virtual machine. 
During execution, the bot fails to manipulate the files. 
The virtual machine administrator informs the bot developer that Microsoft Office is not installed. 
How can they develop the bot to run without Microsoft Office?

A. Use the Excel advanced package actions
B. Use the Office 365 Excel package actions
C. Use the Excel intermediate package actions
D. Use the Excel basic package actions *

Answer:....?

141. A bot built a long time ago uses old versions of packages yet continues to work properly. 
Why should the package references not be updated to the latest versions?

A. It will prevent the bot from being checked out
B. It will prevent the bot from being exported
C. It may change the parameters for some actions within the package *
D. It will prevent the bot from being checked in

Answer:...?

142. A bot developer created a bot using the Excel basic package (version 2.0.0-20200215) on the first of the month. 
On the fifth of the month, an administrator in the organization uploaded the new version of Excel basic package (version 2.0.0-20200305) 
to the Control Room and set it as default. 
What will occur when a bot created on the first of the month is executed on the fifth of the month and beyond?

A. Excel basic package version 2.0.0-20200215 will execute until the bot developer updates the package of the bot *
B. When executing a bot, the version of Excel basic package needs to be selected
C. Excel basic package version 2.0.0-20200305 will execute, because the latest default version is always called whenever a bot is executed.
D. Excel basic package version 2.0.0-20200215 will execute until all bots that use this package are migrated 

Answer:.?

143. A business analyst requests that an automation provides specific, dynamic information at defined points of the execution of the bot. 
What two actions should the bot developer utilize to achieve this? (Choose two.)

A. Enter a Play Sound: Play media file action and select a pre-recorded MP4 media file
B. Use the Message box action to display dynamic information at runtime
C. Enter a Comment: Comment action and add the matching variables
D. Establish a database connection and log the desired information into an anticipated table *
E. Insert a Log To File: Log To File action and write relevant information to a dedicated file *

Answer:.... .....?

144. A manager is requesting automation to be built to maintain an application. 
The various maintenance tasks are part of this application and will be scheduled to run together over the weekend or could be run individually as needed. 
As a bot developer, how would you design the automation? (Choose two.)

A. Create a single schedule to launch all the maintenance bots *
B. Create a bot to run a report
C. Create a bot for each maintenance task
D. Create a parent bot to run each maintenance task bot *
E. Create a bot to launch the Control Room

Answer:. ....? 

145. A bot developer is trying to call a child bot from the parent bot, and needs to pass five distinct values to child bot. 
What variable type is best suited for this scenario?

A. Table
B. Dictionary *
C. String
D. List

Answer:..?

146. A bot developer creates an automation that includes many error-prone actions. 
How can the developer handle potential errors?

A. Execute a Log to file action right after each error-prone action to document the error in a file.
B. Put the error-prone actions into a loop and iterate until all the actions succeed.
C. Include all error-prone actions into a Try action and catch all possible types of errors.*
D. Include all error-prone actions into a Catch action and catch all possible types of errors.

Answer:...?

147. A bot developer has developed an automation and needs assistance from colleagues to ensure the bot is production ready. 
They need to share this bot with their colleagues to review the logic. How can they best achieve this?

A. Check out the bot to the Public folder
B. Share the bot file via Email or Web Link
C. Share the login information with the individuals who require access to the bot file
D. Check in the bot to the Public folder *

Answer:....?

148. A citizen developer is analyzing a business process for which a Task Bot with no artificial intelligence needs to be created. 
Which two conditions need to be considered? (Choose two.)

A. The business process needs to be rule-based
B. The automation needs to be built end-to-end in one piece with no splits in between *
C. The business process needs to be based on structured data
D. Regardless of whether artificial intelligence is utilized or not, an IQ Bot Learning Instance needs to be created for each Task Bot *

Answer:.. ....?

149. A bot developer plans to execute a python script with the help of a bot. 
What are the dependencies that should be considered for the Bot Agent device? (Choose two.)

A. Only additional packages used in the Python script need to be installed on the Bot Agent device
B. Anaconda or Pycharm compatible IDE should be present on the Bot Agent device to run the Python script
C. The Python application should be installed on the Bot Agent device *
D. No additional installation would be needed. The Bot Agent device is capable enough to execute Python scripts.
E. Python should be installed as a Path variable on the Bot Agent device *

Answer:... .....?

150. A bot developer must create an automation that processes several files in a directory. 
How can each file be opened dynamically?

A. By assigning a variable of type 'Dictionary' to the loop that will contain the keys 'name' and 'extension' of which the value items contain the related information *
B. By creating the string variables $filename$ and $extension$ and then in each iteration reading these variables
C. By assigning two variables of type 'List' to the loop that will contain the filenames and extension (each at the same position of the respective list)
D. By determining the list of filenames and extensions before executing the loop and then accessing the information from inside the loop

Answer:.?

151. A bot developer is assigned to create a global schedule for bot execution on different Bot Runner machines residing in different countries. 
The bots must get triggered on the first day of the month for each country. 
During testing, it was observed that the bots got triggered before the month-end on some Bot Runner machines. 
How can this issue be resolved?

A. The bot developer should create country-wise schedules with the correct Time zone of the host machine (Web Control Room)
B. The bot developer should create a single schedule with frequency set as Monthly
C. The bot developer should create a country-wise schedule with the correct Start Time of the respective country
D. The bot developer should create multiple schedules country-wise, with the correct Time zone of the respective country *

Answer:....?

152. A bot developer needs to get the response from a Rest web service command. 
The response is populated in a Dictionary variable name $RestResponse$. 
Which key of the $RestResponse$ Dictionary variable should the bot developer use to get the whole rest response?

A. RestResponse
B. Output
C. Response *
D. Body

Answer:...?

153. A bot developer is attempting to use the “Trigger loop” package to run a series of actions when a trigger event occurs. 
Which actions are supported by the trigger loop package? (Choose two.)

A. Nest one trigger loop within another trigger loop *
B. Insert multiple trigger loops within the same bot *
C. Use the If/Else action to trigger the event
D. Use the trigger loop action to trigger parallel events
E. Use the scheduler to trigger a series of events

Answer:. ..?

154. An SAP application is exposed to users through CITRIX XenAPP. What is the best way to automate this application?

A. CITRIX Agent
B. AISense ?
C. SAP Package
D. Package SDK

Answer:.?

155. A bot developer needs to automate a 3270 terminal whose output language is in Japanese. What should they do to achieve this?

A. The bot developer should use OCR Action
B. The bot developer should use the 'Code page' option in Terminal Emulator: Connect action and choose the appropriate Japanese option. *
C. The bot developer should change the A2019 language to Japanese
D. The bot developer should automate with an emulator application

Answer:..?

156. A bot developer has captured tabular data from a website and stored it in a 'Table' variable. 
They are trying to use the Data Table: Write to ﬁle action to write the stored information to a CSV ﬁle. 
When they run the bot, they get this error: 'Folder is not available'. What should the bot developer enable in the action to handle this error?

A. Create files/folders if it does not exist *
B. Overwrite the existing file
C. Choose the Desktop file option and provide the correct path
D. Append to the existing file

Answer:.?

157. A bot developer is looking to leverage the Credential Vault to store user data for an ERP application. 
They would like to store their URL, username, password, and API Key in the vault. How can they achieve this?

A. Create a credential with four attributes to hold this data *
B. Create a credential request to have IT add this information
C. Create 4 credentials to hold this data
D. Create 4 lockers to hold this data

Answer:.?

158. A bot developer found an older version of the Email package set as default and would like to use the latest one for an existing bot. 
How will the version of Email package be called by the bot?

A. The bot developer should ask the Package Manager to select the version of the package to be used.
B. The bot developer should open the existing bot in the Bot editor and select the version of the package to be used *
C. The latest default version of package is always used when executing bots.
D. The bot developer should open the Packages page and select the version of the package to be used ?

Answer:..?

159. A bot developer has a large bot which completes the following automation:

1. Bot Logs into a ERP system
2. Bot Navigates to the Invoicing Page
3. Bot Clicks Actions > Search
4. Bot Searches for a specific Invoice
5. Bot Emails Invoice to Accounts Payable Team

The bot developer is interested in modularizing this bot to make it useful for upcoming automation projects. 
What is the most logical way to make the bot modular and reusable?

A. Create a bot for logging into an ERP application, another for searching invoices, and a third for sending emails *
B. Create a separate bot for every 10-15 lines of code. This is useful for larger bots.
C. Enter breakpoints throughout the bot to ensure the sections are modular for future use.
D. The bot should be left as is. Future projects will copy-paste the code into their new bots.

Answer:.?

160. A customer cannot capture objects from a Remote Desktop (RDP) session using the Universal Recorder. 
What is the best alternative to capture RDP elements?

A. Use AISense recorder *
B. Create a custom package and use Java to capture object
C. Use the Simulate keystrokes action
D. Use the OCR package

Answer:.?

161. The database administrator is concerned about database locks and advises all bot developers to optimize their queries and pull the query results as quickly as possible. 
What is a fast way to pull the query results quickly for use within your bot?

A. Use the Database: Read from and loop through the results with no Delay or Wait actions
B. Use the Database: Export to data table action
C. Use the Database: Begin/end database transaction to help prevent locks *
D. Interface with Microsoft SQL Management Studio to execute the query and extract the results from the displayed values on the screen

Answer:...?

162. A bot developer wants to mark a group of emails as unread in Outlook. What is the best approach to achieve this?

A. The bot developer should use a 3rd party software
B. The bot developer should automate Outlook using Universal Recorder
C. The bot developer should check the option to mark the email as ‘unread’ inside the loop action 
D. The bot developer can use the Email: Change status action in loop
 *

Answer:....?

163. A bot developer wants to automate an FTP server whose connection is not stable. How should they fix this?

A. The bot developer should use the connect action in a loop and try for certain number of times (e.g. 10 times)
B. The bot developer should use the 'Reconnect if connection fails' option of FTP *
C. The bot developer should try to automate ONLY when the FTP connection is stable
D. The bot developer should automate the FTP server with an FTP application

Answer:..?


164. (Similar a la pregunta 83)

To manage overtime work effectively, a bot developer is building a bot to check employees work time at the end of every month using a timesheet CSV ﬁle downloaded from the attendance system. 
The timesheet CSV ﬁle contains each employee’s name, position, and total working hours in a month. 
The bot should find all employees who worked overtime for more than 20 hours but exempt the managers. Which If conditions would the bot developer use?

A. Use the List and Date conditions
B. Use the String and Number conditions
C. Use the String or Number condition *
D. Use the Dictionary and String conditions

Answer:...?

165. A bot developer has created a string variable called Counter with a default value of 
1. The developer added the Increment action at the end of a loop to add 1 to the variable each time the loop repeats. 
When the bot reaches the Increment action, it receives an error. How should the bot developer resolve this issue?

A. The String: Assign action must be used to ﬁrst assign a number to the variable.
B. The String: To Number action must be used to ﬁrst convert the string variable to a number.
C. The Number: Assign action must be used to ﬁrst assign a number to the variable.
D. The Counter variable should be created with a different data type. *

Answer:....?

166. A bot developer has completed all development activities for an automation. As a last step, all fixed login information needs to be replaced by securely stored information from the Control Room. 
What steps should the bot developer complete to achieve this last step?

A. When entering the login data using Recorder: Capture, select the action Set text, select the Select a credential option then Pick the locker, the Credential, and Attribute
B. When entering the login data using Recorder: Capture, select the action Set text, select Keystrokes and enter the desired Attribute. The related Credential will be selected in the background automatically.
C. Create a variable of type String for each Attribute of a Credential.
D. When entering the login data using Recorder: Capture, select the action Set text, select Keystrokes and pick the right variable that has the same name as the matching Credential.*

Answer:..?

167. A bot developer has put a bot into production but realizes there is one line which needs a slight change. What steps should the bot developer take to change this bot and put it back into production?

A. Use the Update bot functionality of the Control Room to propagate any changes needed in production
B. Check out the bot, make necessary edits, and check in the bot *
C. Navigate to the bot in the Private folder, make edits, check in the bot
D. Make necessary changes to the bot and the production file will be updated upon saving

Answer:..?

168. (Similar a la pregunta 154)
An SAP application is exposed to users through CITRIX XenDesktop. 
What is the best way to automate this application?

B. Package SDK
C. DLL Package
D. Universal Recorder ?
A. AISense*

Answer:....?

169. A bot developer complains it is taking too long for the bot to download to the destination device the first time the bot executes. What can the bot developer do to reduce this first run delay?

A. Ensure that the correct package version is chosen for executing the bot
B. Ensure that the latest version of bot agent is installed
C. Ensure that the bot agent is properly configured with correct device credentials
D. Preload the packages after installing the bot agent *

Answer:....?

170. A bot developer is automating a finance process as part of an automation for a banking customer. 
The bank has asked the bot developer to ensure that the bot does not capture values of certain properties or store application images. 
Which configuration setting should be enabled?

A. Request the Administrator of the Control Room to limit access to the bot using RBAC.
B. Enable encryption via recording
C. Enable secure recording mode*
D. Disable screen capture while recording

Answer:...?

171. A bot developer wants to run a JavaScript on a bot runner machine using the "JavaScript" package. What should the bot developer do?

A. The bot developer should specify the JavaScript code using 'import existing file' AND 'manual input' option using the JavaScript: Open action
B. The bot developer should specify the JavaScript code either using 'import existing file' or 'manual input' option using the JavaScript: Open action  *
C. The bot developer should ensure that JavaScript exists in the Control Room and not on the Bot Runner machine
D. The bot developer should ensure that JavaScript exists on the Bot Runner machine and not in the Control Room

Answer:..?

172. A bot developer has built a bot in a Developer environment. After the bot has been promoted to the production environment. 
The bot runner is not able to get access to the application credentials to execute the automation. 
What is the possible reason for this?

A. The Bot Runner does not have ‘Consumer’ access to the credential vault locker.*
B. The Bot Runner does not have ‘Manager access to the credential vault locker.
C. The Bot Runner does not have access to Active Directory.
D. The Bot Runner does not have ‘Participant’ access to the credential vault locker.

Answer:.?

173. A bot is created to extract data from a CSV file and input the data into a web-based form. When executed, the bot fails to read the data to the form. 
How can the developer modify the bot to correct this?

A. Add the CSV/TXT: Open action with a List variable
B. Add the CSV/TXT: Open action with a Number variable
C. Add the CSV/TXT: Read action with a String variable
D. Add the CSV/TXT: Read action with a Table variable *

Answer:....?

174. A bot developer is looking to create an automation where their bot connects to a Microsoft SQL Server instance and runs a few queries. 
What action should be used as a first step in their workflow?

A. Use the ‘Data Table’ action
B. Use the ‘Connect’ action * 
C. Use the ‘Run Stored Procedure’ action 
D. Use the ‘Begin Database Transaction’ action

Answer:..?

175. A customer has an application with a wildly variable runtime. In the morning, results appear within 5 seconds. In the afternoon, results can take up to 5 minutes. If the query takes over 3 minutes,
we want the bot to send the administrator an email and stop processing. What is the best way this can be accomplished?

A. Use the Trigger Loop: Handle to check for the data to be returned; use the Break action if the data isn’t returned within 3 minutes
B. Use the Wait method to wait for 3 minutes; if the results aren’t back, throw an exception to send an email and stop processing
C. Set up a trigger for 3 minutes after the bot starts executing; if the trigger doesn’t happen within 3 minutes, send an email and stop processing *
D. Use the Wait for Screen Change for a maximum of 3 minutes; if the screen doesn’t change within 3 minutes, throw an exception to send an email and stop processing

Answer:...?

176. A bot developer wants to automate payroll processing in SAP. The bot developer has got access to SAP Scripting Tracker tool which gives the SAP User Interface IDs. 
Which is the best option to automate?

A. DLL Package
B. SAP APIs
C. Recorder
D. SAP Package *

Answer:....?

178. A Bot is scheduled to run weekly to download PDF files from an FTP server and then process them through IQ Bot. 
Last night’s run failed with an error “Unable to connect to the FTP server 192.168.21.21. Use valid connection parameters and try again.” 
What is the best way to make this bot work properly?

Make sure the FTP credentials are correct
Use the Ping: Ping ip address, action
Make the connection to the FTP server prior to running the bot *
Use the If: Ping is successful, action

Answer:...?

179. On the first of the month, Database package version 1.0.0 was the default version in the Control Room. 
On the fifth of the month, Database package version 1.1.0 was uploaded and set as default. Which statement is correct?

A. Every bot developer should set the default for themselves before executing the bots.
B. Bots created after version 1.1.0 is set as default will initially use version 1.1.0.
C. All existing and future bots will use version 1.1.0 when executing the bots. *
D. Whenever uploading a newer version of a package, it must be set as default.

Answer:...?



************************************ ACTUALIZACIÓN 18/02/2022 ********************************************


180. A citizen developer is analyzing a business process for which a Task Bot with no artificial intelligence needs to be created. Which two conditions need to be considered? (Choose two.)

A. The automation needs to be built end-to-end in one piece with no splits in between
B. Regardless of whether artificial intelligence is utilized or not, an IQ Bot Learning Instance needs to be created for each Task Bot
C. The business process needs to be rule-based*
D. The business process needs to be based on structured data*

Answer:... ....?

181. A customer has an application with a wildly variable runtime. In the morning, results appear within 5 seconds. In the afternoon, results can take up to 5 minutes. If the query takes over 3 minutes, we want the bot to send the administrator an email and stop processing. What is the best way this can be accomplished?

A. Use the Wait method to wait for 3 minutes; if the results aren’t back, throw an exception to send an email and stop processing
B. Set up a trigger for 3 minutes after the bot starts executing; if the trigger doesn’t happen within 3 minutes, send an email and stop processing*
C. Use the Wait for Screen Change for a maximum of 3 minutes; if the screen doesn’t change within 3 minutes, throw an exception to send an email and stop processing
D. Use the Trigger Loop: Handle to check for the data to be returned; use the Break action if the data isn’t returned within 3 minutes

Answer:..?

182. A bot developer wants to mark a group of emails as unread in Outlook. What is the best approach to achieve this?

A. The bot developer can use the Email: Change status action in loop
*
B. The bot developer should use a 3rd party software
C. The bot developer should check the option to mark the email as ‘unread’ inside the loop action
D. The bot developer should automate Outlook using Universal Recorder

Answer:.?

183. A bot developer needs to automate a 3270 terminal whose output language is in Japanese. What should they do to achieve this?

A. The bot developer should automate with an emulator application
B. The bot developer should use the 'Code page' option in Terminal Emulator: Connect action and choose the appropriate Japanese option.
C. The bot developer should change the A2019 language to Japanese*
D. The bot developer should use OCR Action

Answer:...?

184. A bank runs applications using Unix systems for security purposes. After identifying many repetitive processes, they decide to automate the ﬁle operations in the Unix system using Enterprise A2019. How can the bot developer handle this without using the Files/Folders action?

A. Use the Active Directory: Connect action
B. Use the Terminal Emulator action and use shell commands*
C. Use Image Recognition for Cut, Copy and Paste operations
D. Use Recorders in the Unix OS

Answer:..?

185. A bot developer wants to provide a set of four options to an end user. While the bot is executing, the end user is expected to choose one option based on which action the bot is supposed to perform. Which of the following options supports a solution to the requirement best?

A. Use an interactive form, trigger loop and break statement to achieve this objective
B. Use prompt for value action to receive input from the end user*
C. Use a prompt for value action, trigger loop and break statement to achieve this objective
D. Use an interactive form and a trigger loop to achieve this objective

Answer:..?

186. A clerk in an insurance oﬃce consolidates 100 customer details daily, which are scanned and saved in a folder. To automate this task, which packages from Enterprise A2019 would help the bot developer automate reading these documents?

A. Packages: OCR, Loop, Dictionary*
B. Packages: OCR, Loop, String
C. Packages: Image Recognition, Loop, String
D. Packages: PDF, Loop, Dictionary

Answer:.?

187. A bot developer complains it is taking too long for the bot to download to the destination device the first time the bot executes. What can the bot developer do to reduce this first run delay?

A. Ensure that the correct package version is chosen for executing the bot
B. Preload the packages after installing the bot agent*
C. Ensure that the bot agent is properly configured with correct device credentials
D. Ensure that the latest version of bot agent is installed

Answer:..?

188. During the automation of an Excel spreadsheet, a macro must be called from the spreadsheet itself. Which package should be used to achieve that result?

A. Office 365 Excel
B. Excel advanced*
C. Database
D. Excel basic

Answer:..?

189. A bot developer wants to automate tasks on an FTP server whose connection is not stable. How should they fix this?

A.
The bot developer should use the 'Reconnect if connection fails' option of FTP/Sftp: Connect action
B.
The bot developer should use the connect action in a loop and try for certain number of times (e.g. 10 times)
C.
The bot developer should automate the FTP server with an FTP application
D.
The bot developer should try to automate ONLY when the FTP connection is stable

Answer:....?

190. A bot developer has logged into a Control Room with a Bot Creator account to build a bot. When trying to record a process from the workbench, the following error is generated: “Device is disconnected.” Where should the device status be checked in the Control Room?

A. Add new device
B. Devices>My Devices*
C. User profile
D. Audit Log

Answer:..?

191. A bot developer installs a Bot Agent on a local device. When the bot is run from the workbench, an error to input device credentials is received. Which credentials should be used to resolve this error?  

A. Windows username and password*
B. Control Room username and password
C. Credentials for the application you are automating
D. Single Sign-On credentials

Answer:.?

192. A bot developer has been asked to build a bot to record a process within an application. The process involves entering data into multiple fields within different sections. How would the bot developer accomplish this request?

A. Click Record, select the application, and click through each of the fields*
B. Click Record, select the application, and enter through each of the fields
C. Click Record, select the application, and click through each of the sections
D. Click Record, select the application, and tab through each of the sections

Answer:.?

193. A business user needs to get notified when the Unattended bot finishes running. What is the best action to meet the request?

A. Using the Email: Send action to send an email when the bot run has completed*
B. Using the Message Box action to display a message when the bot run has completed
C. Using the Play Sound action to play a sound when the bot run is completed
D. Enable 'send email' notifications to trigger an email for the completed task

Answer:.?

194. A user needs to append a CSV file with the daily sales numbers from and ERP application (one data set per day). A bot developer would like to automate this operation. After getting the data from ERP, application what should the bot developer do next?

A. Open an existing CSV file using Excel basic: Open action and add data using Excel basic: Get cell action
B. Open an existing CSV file using CSV/TXT: Open action and add data using CSV/TXT: Update action
C. Open an existing CSV file using Excel advanced: Open action and add data using Excel advanced: Get cell action
D. Add data using the Log to file action*

Answer:....?

195. A bot developer has recorded a process that edits user information via a web-based form. The bot works fine for a certain users (the one recorded), However, the bot fails for any other user and displays and error message 'cannot find window or application that was open during recording'. What should the bot developer do to allow the bot to be used with a variety of user IDs?

A. Adjust the Object properties to be more generic
B. Create a variable to adjust the Object properties dynamically
C. Create a bot for each user
D. Adjust the window variable created by the recording to accept a wildcard in the window title*

Answer:....?

196. The finance team needs to automatically email dozens of reports to different teams in the company. Which methods could help the bot developer achieve this? (Choose two.)

A. Use the Email: Send Email action specifying an email server with its relevant contact and access information to send the email*
B. Use the Email: Connect action specifying the local Windows messaging service to send the email
C. Use the Email: Send Email action specifying the local Windows messaging service with its relevant access information to send the email
D. Use the Email: Send Email action specifying a privately hosted POP3 email server with its relevant contact and access information to send the email
E. Use the Email: Send action specifying Outlook to send the email*

Answer:. -?

197. A bot developer wants to modularize the actions in a task bot to make it easy to read and troubleshoot for other developers. which action will help achieve this goal?

A. Comment: Comment
B. Step: Step*
C. Group: Group
D. Block: Block

Answer:..?

198. A bot developer wants to take a CSV file and write the data into a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet. What process can they follow to do this using the fewest lines of code?

A. Read from a CSV ﬁle, use the Excel advanced package to create a new spreadsheet, loop through each row, then loop through each record and write each cell using the nested loops*
B. Read from the CSV ﬁle, assign each value in the Record variable to the appropriate variable, then write a line of variables to the Microsoft Excel ﬁle using a single line
C. Read the CSV data into a data table variable, load the data table into a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet
D. Read from the CSV ﬁle then use Log to File to write a line of data to a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet

Answer:.?

199. A bot developer is using the Universal Recorder to automate a process. What precaution should the bot developer take for this purpose?

A. Ensure that the application is not running
B. Set the scaling for the display to 200%
C. Ensure that you run the application after starting the Recorder
D. Ensure that you run the application before starting the Recorder*

Answer:....?

200. A recorder is used to capture a series of steps to ﬁll out a web-based form. On playback, there is an inconsistency noticed in filling out certain fields of the form. Some fields are filled out faster than the others. How can the bot developer change the code to ensure consistent playback?

A. Delete the recorded actions and add a Recorder: Capture action for each field on the webpage
B. Edit the Recorder: Capture actions and clear the Delay parameter to remove the keystroke delays*
C. Re-record the actions at a slower pace for better accuracy
D. Use Recorder: Capture to select the field, then simulate keystrokes to consistently fill in the data

Answer:..? 

201. A bot is executed to extract data from a web table with values ranging from 10,000 to 10,000,000 and write it to a CSV file. When the CSV file is opened after execution, each row of data has a different number of columns. How would the bot developer modify the bot to correct the issue?

A. Use the correct column identifier by opening with the 'Sheet contains a header' variable*
B. Manually remove the commas before running the automation
C. Delimit variable names with double quotes
D. Use a string operation to filter out commas from the data

Answer:.?

202. A bot developer is designing a bot to perform automation on a Microsoft SQL Server database. There are multiple conditional queries affecting multiple records of dependent tables in different databases. The bot developer must ensure that if the bot fails midway during the query execution process, the changes in the tables will be successfully completed or rolled back to their original state. How would the developer accomplish this?

A. The developer should use the Connect/Disconnect action in the Database package
B. The developer should use the Managed Stored Procedure action in the Basic Excel package
C. The developer should use the Run Stored Procedure action in the Advanced Excel package
D. The developer should use the Begin/End Database Transaction action in the Database package*

Answer:....?

203. A bot has been created to run a Python script using inline scripting. When the bot runs, it fails to execute the Python script. What is causing the problem?

A. Java Runtime is not installed on the device
B. Python Runtime is not installed on the bot runner device*
C. Python Runtime is not installed on the Control Room server
D. Python scripts are not supported in Automation Anywhere Enterprise 2019

Answer:..?

204. A bot is created to extract data from a CSV file and input the data into a web-based form. When executed, the bot fails to read the data to the form. How can the developer modify the bot to correct this?

A. Add the CSV/TXT: Read action with a Table variable*
B. Add the CSV/TXT: Read action with a String variable
C. Add the CSV/TXT: Open action with a List variable
D. Add the CSV/TXT: Open action with a Number variable

Answer:.?
 
205. The Inventory Management bot reads data from a Microsoft Excel workbook (Inventory.xlsx) that stores stock data for various materials. When the stock falls below a pre-defined level, it updates another Microsoft Excel workbook (OrderForm.xlsx) that maintains re-order information. However, when the bot runs, the Inventory.xlsx workbook is getting updated instead of the OrderForm.xls workbook. What is the cause of the problem?

A. Both worksheets are open in different sessions
B. Both worksheets are stored in the same folder
C. Both worksheets are open with the same session name*
D. Both worksheets are stored in different folders

Answer:...?


206. A bot developer wants to automatically retrieve stock market values from a web portal and automatically send them to another team. What action would help the bot developer achieve this?

A. Use the Get cell action under Recorder: Capture and save the table into a local variable of type Any
B. Use the Recorder: Capture>Get table action and save the table into a CSV file*
C. Use the Data Table: Assign action and assign the table to a local variable of type 'Table'
D. Use the Get total rows action under Recorder: Capture and save the table into a local variable of type Any

Answer:..?

207. After entering the purchase order record into the order system, the system will display a pop-up window showing the data entry was successful. To conﬁrm the data entry status, what is the best If condition for this situation?

A. Image file is found in image file
B. Image file is found in window
C. Window exists*
D. Window is found in window


Answer:...?

208. A bot developer is creating an automation that needs to consist of multiple bots. What are two ways they can ensure that variable values from the parent bot are available in the child bots? (Choose two.)

A. Create variables in the sub-bots and tag them as input and output*
B. Create variables in the sub-bots and tag them as constant
C. Create variables in the sub-bots and tag them as input and constant
D. All variables in the parent bot are automatically available in the child bots
E. Create variables in the sub-bots and tag them as input*

Answer:. -?

209. To manage overtime work effectively, a bot developer is building a bot to check employees work time at the end of every month using a timesheet CSV ﬁle downloaded from the attendance system. The timesheet CSV ﬁle contains each employee’s name, position, and total working hours in a month. The bot should find all employees who worked overtime for more than 20 hours but exempt the managers. Which If conditions would the bot developer use?

A. Use the String or Number condition*
B. Use the Dictionary and String conditions
C. Use the String and Number conditions
D. Use the List and Date conditions

Answer:.?

210. A developer is creating a bot to generate a report and wants to ensure the bot will create a new report every time it runs. Which If condition would verify that we are not overwriting an existing file?

A. File size
B. File format
C. File exists*
D. File date

Answer:...?

211. A bot developer is responsible for processing expense reports submitted by employees in the organization. The developer wants to create a bot that reads a set of expenses submitted and then sends them for approval to the appropriate approvers. If the expense value of a line item in the report is under $15, the bot should ignore the record and process the next record. If the total value of all expenses in the expense report exceeds $1500, the bot should stop processing and send an email to the submitting employee that the value exceeds policy limits. Which actions should the bot developer use in the bot?

A. The If, Else If, and Else actions to build the logic
B. The Number actions to build the logic
C. The Loop action, specify Loop: Continue when the line item value is under $15 and specify Loop: Break when the total expense report value exceeds $1500*
D. The Loop action, specify Loop: Break when the line item value is under $15 and specify Loop: Continue when the total expense report value exceeds $1500

Answer:...?

212. A bot developer needs to provide a mechanism to log issues within a bot in a production environment while providing an inline resolution for known fault scenarios. How can the bot developer achieve this?

A. Debug tool
B. Variable watcher
D. Error handler Package*
C. Analyze Package

Answer:...?

213. To read price data from a CSV file, a bot creator creates a Number variable and uses the Loop package iterator 'For each row in CSV/TXT' to build a bot. But, while setting the loop iterator's 'Assign the current row to this variable' action, the bot creator could not find the Number variable from the drop-down list. What is the likely cause of this issue?

A. The variable type should be List
B. The variable type should be Record*
C. The variable type should be Any
D. The variable type should be String

Answer:..?

214. A bot needs to loop through a specific process 10 times. While executing the Loop, the number variable used does not change value. What is used to keep track of the number of iterations of the Loop?

A. Use the '$Counter$' variable
B. Use an Excel formula to loop through the cells
C. In Loop: Times create and select a number variable to assign the current value*
D. Use the value after the Loop and decrement it manually

Answer:...?


215. A bot developer creates an automation that validates the content of a data table on a record-by-record basis. Which two options allow the developer to access the information inside each record when iterating through the data table? (Choose two.)

A. Click the wand icon to create a variable of the chosen type on the fly
B. In the appropriate field in the Property pane, click the create variable icon (x)+ to create a variable of type Record on the ﬂy*
C. Switch over to the variable pane and create a variable of the required variable type*
D. Leave the Bot editor and create a credential in the Credential Vault.
E. In the appropriate field in the Property pane, click the create variable icon (x)+ to create a variable of type Any on the ﬂy

Answer:....?

216. A bot developer is creating a bot to extract data from a web page. The bot developer wants to ensure that the web page loads entirely before the next action is executed. What action can the bot developer include in the steps?

A. Wait: Wait for screen change
B. Browser: Launch Website
C. Wait: Wait for window*
D. Window: Activate

Answer:...?

217. A bot developer is building a bot to run daily reports in the CRM system and send the reports to management. Depending on the amount of data, these reports can take between 10 and 55 minutes to run. Once the report has completed, a CSV ﬁle is created and placed in the local downloads folder without changing the GUI on the CRM. How can the bot developer best account for the inconsistencies in the time it takes to run the reports?

A. Use the Wait for Window action
B. Use the Delay action with a setting of 3300 seconds
C. Use the Wait for Screen Change action
D. Use the Wait for Condition action*

Answer:....?

218. What will be the result if the following parameters are specified in the String: Substring action?
• Source string: Today 1 US Dollar is equal to 70.162249 INR
• Start from: 31
• Length: 5

A. 70.162249 INR
B. 70.16 INR
C. 70.16*
D. 70.162249

Answer:...?

219. Organization A wants their email process to be automated. By using Enterprise A2019, Email Subject and Email Sender are recorded into a CSV File. Which packages and variables should be used by the bot developer?

A. Packages & Actions: Email, Write to File and If | Variables DataType: String
B. Packages & Actions: Email, Log to File and Loop | Variables DataType: Dictionary*
C. Packages & Actions: Email, Log to File and Loop | Variables DataType: Table
D. Packages & Actions: Email, Write to File and Loop | Variables DataType: List

Answer:..?

220. What will be the result if the following parameters are speciﬁed in the String: Extract Text action?
• Source string: Today 1 US Dollar is equal to 0.8984 EUR
• Before and/or after: selected
• Start after text: equal to
• End before text: EUR

A. 8984
B. 0.8984 EUR
C. 8984 EUR
D. 0.8984*

Answer:....?

221. A bot developer is looking to leverage the Credential Vault to store user data for an ERP application. They would like to store their URL, username, password, and API Key in the vault. How can they achieve this?

A. Create a credential with four attributes to hold this data*
B. Create 4 credentials to hold this data
C. Create 4 lockers to hold this data
D. Create a credential request to have IT add this information

Answer:.?

222. To secure the invoice system access, a bot developer added system login credentials to the invoice system locker in the Control Room. However, when creating the bot, the bot developer is unable to view the locker for the login credentials.
What would resolve this issue?
A. Ask the administrator for locker manager permission of the invoice system locker.
B. Ask the administrator for locker owner permission of the invoice system locker.
C. Ask the administrator for locker consumer permission of the invoice system locker.*
D. Ask the administrator for locker participant permission of the invoice system locker.

Answer:...?

223. A company has strict policies to ensure data security and strictly enforces password security. A bot developer is developing a bot that requires connecting to a MySQL database to retrieve data. The database administrator is not able to share the database password due to security policies. How will the bot developer work with the database administrator to ensure that the bot can successfully connect to the MySQL database without violating the security policies of the organization?

A. Create a Credential Vault to store the password in an encrypted format*
B. Ask the database administrator to input the password whenever the bot runs
C. Store the password in a text file on a shared drive that only the database administrator can access
D. Use Single Sign-On for authentication

Answer:.?

224. A bot built a long time ago uses old versions of packages yet continues to work properly. Why should the package references not be updated to the latest versions?

A. It may change the parameters for some actions within the package.*
B. It will prevent the bot from being exported.
C. It will prevent the bot from being checked out.
D. It will prevent the bot from being checked in.

Answer:.?

225.On the first of the month, Database package version 1.0.0 was the default version in the Control Room. On the fifth of the month, Database package version 1.1.0 was uploaded and set as default. Which statement is correct?

A. Whenever uploading a newer version of a package, it must be set as default.
B. Bots created after version 1.1.0 is set as default will initially use version 1.1.0.
C. Every bot developer should set the default for themselves before executing the bots.
D. All existing and future bots will use version 1.1.0 when executing the bots.*

Answer:....?

226. A bot developer is building a bot to run daily reports. If any error occurs in the web application while the report is
running, a window titled ‘Error’ with important information is displayed. The developer would like to capture an image of
this window when an error occurs and save it to a local ﬁle on the desktop. Which action should the bot developer use to use capture the desired image?

A. Image Recognition: Find image in window
B. Screen: Capture Window*
C. OCR: Capture image by path
D. OCR: Capture area

Answer:..?

227. A bot is not executing expected actions within an If statement. What should the bot developer do to present a visual indicator that the bot flow is performing actions within the If statement?

A.
Use the Excel Advanced: Get single cell action to look up the error code in the Microsoft Excel file
B.
Use the Excel Advanced: Set cell action to update the record in the Microsoft Excel file
C.
Write a message using the Log to file action to write the variables to a file
D.
Use the Debug mode and observe the interface

Answer: ....?

228. A bot developer has a large bot which completes the following automation:
1. Bot Logs into a ERP system
2. Bot Navigates to the Invoicing Page
3. Bot Clicks Actions > Search
4. Bot Searches for a specific Invoice
5. Bot Emails Invoice to Accounts Payable Team

A. The bot developer is interested in modularizing this bot to make it useful for upcoming automation projects. What is the most logical way to make the bot modular and reusable?
B. Create a separate bot for every 10-15 lines of code. This is useful for larger bots.
C. The bot should be left as is. Future projects will copy-paste the code into their new bots.
D. Create a bot for logging into an ERP application, another for searching invoices, and a third for sending emails.*
E. Enter breakpoints throughout the bot to ensure the sections are modular for future use.

Answer:....?

229. A manager is requesting automation to be built to maintain an application. The various maintenance tasks are part of this application and will be scheduled to run together over the weekend or could be run individually as needed. As a bot developer, how would you design the automation? (Choose two.)

A. Create a bot to run a report
B. Create a parent bot to run each maintenance task bot*
C. Create a bot for each maintenance task
D. Create a single schedule to launch all the maintenance bots*
E. Create a bot to launch the Control Room

Answer:.. ....?

230. A bot developer is tasked to create a modular bot that will be made available to all citizen developers. The modular bot and each calling bot will be able to communicate with each other. What condition should the bot developer implement?

A. The citizen developer should create a Dictionary variable that will be available in all bots
B. The citizen developer should create a Credential Vault variable that will be available in all bots.
C. A modular bot can contain only variables tagged as either Use as input or variables tagged as Use as output*
D. A modular bot can contain variables tagged as Use as input and/or variables tagged as Use as output

Answer:...?

231. Due to modularization, multiple bots are created. What approach should a bot developer take to ensure that all values are transferred between the child bots?

A. While declaring variables, select the options Use as input and Use as output in the parent bot
B. While declaring variables, select the options Use as input and Use as output in the child bots*
C. Assign values for variables in the configuration file
D. While declaring variables, select the options Use as input and Use as output in both the parent and child bots

Answer:..?


232. A bot developer is trying to call a child bot from the parent bot, and needs to pass five distinct values to child bot. What variable type is best suited for this scenario?

A. String
B. List
C. Table
D. Dictionary*

Answer:....?

233. A bot developer needs to leverage a modular bot (botA) that was created by a citizen developer. What should be the chosen action to achieve this?

A. Utilize the Application: Open program/file action and select the executable of botA
B. Use the DLL: Run function action and select the DLL version botA
C. Add botA to the list of dependencies of the calling bot
D. Execute the Task Bot: Run action and select botA*

Answer:....?

234. A bot developer creates an automation that includes many error-prone actions. How can the developer handle potential errors?

A. Execute a Log to file action right after each error-prone action to document the error in a file.
B. Include all error-prone actions into a Catch action and catch all possible types of errors.
C. Put the error-prone actions into a loop and iterate until all the actions succeed.
D. Include all error-prone actions into a Try action and catch all possible types of errors.*

Answer:....?

235. A bot developer builds a bot and is planning to schedule the bot for execution on bot runners. While trying to schedule this to run at 11:00 AM every Monday, the bot developer does not see their bot populating in the list of available bots. How can the bot developer resolve the issue?

A. Check out the Task bot
B. Import the Task bot
C. Check in the Task bot*
D. Export the Task bot

Answer:...?

236. A bot developer has put a bot into production but realizes there is one line which needs a slight change. What steps should the bot developer take to change this bot and put it back into production?

A. Navigate to the bot in the Private folder, make edits, check in the bot
B. Check out the bot, make necessary edits, and check in the bot*
C. Make necessary changes to the bot and the production file will be updated upon saving
D. Use the Update bot functionality of the Control Room to propagate any changes needed in production

Answer:..?

237. A bot developer is getting financial data from a website and using the data to create a Bot Insight dashboard. The variables selected in the Analyze: Close section of the bot include the variables for the financial data, but the dashboard is not being created. The bot fails with a data error on line 9 (Number: Assign). Troubleshooting shows that the error occurs for the data: $7,452. What process should be followed to correct the error and create the dashboard?

A. Unselect a variable from the Analyze: Close action
B. Check if the data is properly encoded (ANSI, UTF-8, etc.)
C. Use a Replace action to remove non-numeric characters from number fields*
D. Use a Try-Catch to escape line 9 when an error occurs

Answer:...?

238.ABC, a manufacturing company, emails a PDF file that includes a list of items to be procured, to many vendors. All vendors reply to ABC with quotations in the standard Excel format. Quotes from all vendors are consolidated in a master Excel file and the three lowest bidders are identified. Based on the quality of service from the three vendors, one is chosen by the Manager and an email is sent for confirmation.
Which packages from Automation 360 would help the bot developer automate this process?
	Packages: Excel advanced, Email, and Prompt
	Packages: Excel basic, PDF, and Prompt
	Packages: Excel advanced, PDF, Email, and Message Box
	*Packages: Excel advanced, PDF, Email, and Prompt


239.A bot developer is trying to rename a bot but receives an error message.
What are two possible reasons for this failure? Choose two.
	The developer is not following the Software Development Lifecycle Standards as mandated by the Solution Architect
	*The new name contains special characters like * (asterisk) and | (pipe)
	The bot is not checked-out
	*A bot exists with the same name

240.A bot developer plans to execute a python script with the help of a bot.
What are the dependencies that should be considered for the Bot Agent device? (Choose two.)
	*The Python application should be installed on the Bot Agent device.
	Anaconda or Pycharm compatible IDE should be present on the Bot Agent device to run the Python script
	*The Path environment variable should include the installed Python directory on the Bot Agent device.
	Only additional packages used in the Python script need to be installed on the Bot Agent device

A production department in an organization receives thousands of quotes in PDF format from multiple vendors. The department manager is automating the extraction of fields using the Automation 360 PDF package and assigning the outcome to a variable.
Which type of variable should be used to assign the outcome?
	Record
	Data table
	File
	*Dictionary

241.Citrix is the primary delivery method for applications at a company. The IT department will allow installation of new software on Citrix servers including the Automation Anywhere Remote Agent for Citrix. After installation, a developer notes that the universal recorder is not identifying objects in the Citrix Receiver window.
How might this situation be resolved?
	Ask the IT department to open a port on the firewall.
	Install target applications on developer and bot runner devices.
	Upgrade to the latest version of Citrix Receiver.
	*Install the Automation Anywhere plug-in for Citrix on the developer's device.

242.While building a bot for a remote application accessible via RDP, what would be an optimal method for the developer to manipulate object/elements on that application?
	Use the Simulate keystrokes action.
	Create a custom package/action and use Java to capture object.
	*Use AISense recorder.
	Use the OCR package.

243.A bot is scheduled to run weekly to download PDF files from an FTP server and then process them by extracting data via the PDF: Extract text action. Last night's run failed with an error "Unable to connect to the FTP server 192.168.21.21. Use valid connection parameters and try again."
What is the best way to make this bot work properly?
	Use the If: Ping is successful action
	*Make the connection to the FTP server prior to running the bot
	Make sure the device credentials are correct
	Use the Ping: Ping IP address, action

244.A bot processes records within the Peoplesoft application. A manager wants to view the information being processed without interrupting the bot.
How can this be accomplished?
	Add error handling commands into the bot.
	The manager looks up the information on the Devices page in the Control Room.
	*The manager logs in to their account on the unattended bot runner device and watches the bot run.
	Design the bot to log data to a text file after each record is processed and then the manager can review the log file.

245A bot developer is attempting to use the "Trigger loop" package to run a series of actions when a trigger event occurs.
Which two actions are supported by the trigger loop package? (Choose two.)
	*Nest one trigger loop within another trigger loop
	Use the If/Else action to trigger the event
	Use the scheduler to trigger a series of events
	*Insert multiple trigger loops within the same bot
	Use the trigger loop action to trigger parallel events

246.A bot developer has completed an end-to-end automation and is looking to incorporate user inputs into the bot. The intent is to run this in an attended fashion in production. Which two packages should they use to achieve this? (Choose two.)
	*Prompt
	Comment
	Message Box
	*Interactive Forms

247.While building a data reconciliation bot on an SQL database, a developer wants to concatenate Customer ID and Customer reference fields into the Customer ID-Ref field. The Customer ID data is a Numeric value and needs to be converted into String value to perform a successful concatenation.
Which action will allow the developer to accomplish this?
	*Use the Assign action from the String package
	Concatenation activity within Automation 360 means that there is no need to conduct convert to string activity.
	Use the To string action from the Number package
	Assign a Number variable Customer ID to the clipboard and assign the Clipboard to the String variable

248.A human resource (HR) professional needs to find opportunities for future HR automations. Which Automation 360 tool is best suited for this specific goal?
	*AARI

249.The virtual machines being used as bot runner devices have no applications installed. A bot needs to open and modify an Excel file.
How can the developer automate this process?
	By Using the Excel basic package*


250.A developer is writing a bot command to open web applications. The developer wants to ensure that the action will work regardless of the default browser.
What two actions could the developer choose for this scenario? (Choose two.)
	Browser open*
	Application open program/file*

251.A non-administrative user has executed a bot and runs it on a bot runner machine.
What is the most efficient way that the user can check the execution status?
	Log in as the administraor check the audit logs and view the status of exceution*


252.A developer has to ensure that they have to store all the dependent files of a bot into the repository of Automation 360. What two options would the developer choose to achieve this? (Choose two.)

A. Upload bot dependencies in a Public workspace.
B. Upload bot dependencies in a Private workspace.
C. Add bot dependencies in a Public workspace.
D. Add bot dependencies in a Private workspace.

Answer: .. , ....?

253.A company wants to automate their helpdesk ticket flow, and update the CRM application using the bot. The bot developer recorded the flow using the recorder and automated the process. When a user tries to run the recorded flow, the bot results in an error. On initial analysis, the bot developer identified that the bot fails when it selects a specific window.
How would the developer resolve the issue?
	Use the window variable with the application title, as the window URL likely has dynamic properties.*
	They did not capture the object properties correctly; recapture the recording accounting for this object.
Force select the window using the window package and recapture the recording.
The captured object contains unidentified property; resize the window and recapture the recording.

254.A developer is calculating a value using several Number type variables and storing the calculation in a Number variable named nTotal. When logging this value to a file, the value is truncating to only the integer portion of the number.
How can the developer get the entire Number value to return two decimal places?
	Use the Number: To string action, then use String actions to capture the integer and decimal portions of the value.*

255.A bot developer wants to automate payroll processing in SAP. The bot developer is able to obtain the IDs of the SAP User Interface objects using the SAP Scripting Tracker tool. Which is the best option to automate?
	SAP package*

256. A developer is creating a bot to read price data from a CSV file and creates a Number variable in advance to store the price value. To loop through each line item within the CSV, the developer uses the Loop package iterator 'For each row in CSV/TXT'. But, while setting the loop iterator's 'Assign the current row to this variable' action, the bot creator could not find the Number variable from the drop-down list. What is the likely cause of this issue?

options

A.
The variable type should be Record
B.
The variable type should be String
C.
The variable type should be List
D.
The variable type should be Boolean

Answer: .?


257.

A Solution Architect wants to build a set of frequently used third-party functions for their team to use within a native Automation 360 bot.

What are two ways this can be achieved? (Choose two.)

A. Build Custom Packages using the Package SDK and make them available in the Actions palette.
B. Build an IQ Bot learning instance and provision it for the team to call the third-party functions.
C. Build a DLL and provision it to the team to use within their bots.
D. Migrate a Metabot for the teams to call within their bots.

Answer: . , ...?

258.
A developer needs to create a bot to fetch information from a file in CSV format, loop through the data in the CSV file and input the data to a system.

Which variable type should the developer use to iterate each row in the CSV file?

A.
Record
B.
List
C.
String
D.
Table

Answer: .?

259.
A multinational company hired a new RPA Developer to automate their application systems. When trying to register the developer device to automate his first process, an error "Code: user.not.logged.in" is received.

What is a potential reason this is occurring?

A.
The developer is using a Windows system without the necessary administrator permissions.
B.
The OS is a multiuser windows server with too many users already logged in.
C.
Device credentials are missing after device registration.
D.
The developer's network has an authenticated proxy.

Answer: ...?

260.
Financial data from an email needs to be entered in an ERP system. How can the bot developer identify the subject, body, and sender of the email?

A.
Lookup the subject, body, and sender in system variables
B.
Assign values to a Dictionary variable or to multiple String variables in the Loop action
C.
Use multiple Session variables in the Loop action
D.
Use the Save email action

Answer: ..?

261.
The IT security team of a company asks an RPA Solution Architect to securely connect their EWS E-mail. What authentication type would the Solution Architect implement?

A.
OAuth 2.0
B.
Basic
C.
SAML 2.0
D.
NTLM

Answer: .?

262.
After using an action to extract text from a PDF file, a developer now needs to extract a sub-string between two given strings specified by "Before" and "After".

What action should the developer use in order to extract the sub-string?

A.
String: Substring
B.
String: Find
C.
String: Trim
D.
String: Extract Text

Answer: ....?

263.
Having finished recording several blocks of steps, a developer is reviewing the Variables list. This list contains a set of window and browser variables that were automatically created and have similar names. The developer notices that some of these variables are not used in the bot and wants to delete multiple variables from the variables list to ensure only the variables used in the actions remain.

What is the fastest way to clean up the Variables list?

A.
Click the trash can icon at the top of the variables list in the Variables palette.
B.
Use the Search variables box to find the names of known unused variables and delete them individually.
C.
Click the vertical ellipsis in the Variables palette and choose “Delete unused variables” from the menu.
D.
Use the fly-out menu to delete variables individually.

Answer: ...?

264.
An Automation Anywhere Developer found out that there is a bot on the Bot Store, that converts an Excel file to CSV, that will help the developer save development time and effort. Which role does the developer need to download the bot from the Bot Store to the Control room repository?

A.
AAE_Basic
B.
AAE_Bot Migration Admin
C.
AAE_Bot Developer
D.
AAE_Discovery Bot Admin

Answer: ...?

265.
A user is capturing actions on an application that they want to automate using the Universal Recorder. After capturing an action on an object, the user wants to change the action performed on it.

How would the user accomplish this?

A.
Turn off the Secure Recording Mode before recording.
B.
Select the appropriate action in the Action to take on object field.
C.
Change the value of the HTMLInnerText field in Object properties.
D.
Actions can only be changed by using AISense Recorder.

Answer: ..?

266.
Citrix is the primary delivery method for applications at a company. The universal recorder is not identifying objects in a Citrix Receiver window.

What are two ways the bot developer can resolve this issue? (Choose two.)

A. Install the Automation Anywhere Remote Agent for Citrix
B. Use AISense recorder to detect objects
C. Connect to Citrix using the Terminal Emulator action package
D. Try recording objects with the universal recorder multiple times

Answer: .,..?

267.
A user is capturing actions on an application that they want to automate using the AISense Recorder. The user scrolls down in the target application to capture a particular object. Now, the objects in the application are not getting highlighted.

How would the user resolve this issue?

A.
Select the Scan button to analyze the window objects.
B.
Define the object and the supporting anchor.
C.
Edit the Capture action once the recording has been completed.
D.
Wait 20 seconds for the highlight to appear.

Answer: .?

268. 
The financial department of a multinational company wants to provide the RPA team a business dashboard so they can have insights from the automated process. The developer starts to make changes on the actual bot to meet the requirement.

What package should the developer add to the bot in order to generate the business dashboard?

A.
Analyze package
B.
Data Table package
C.
Bot Insight package
D.
Interactive forms package

Answer: .?

269.
What are two features of the AI Sense Recorder?

A. AI Sense is not suitable for applications in automation scope running in a Citrix environment
B. AISense Recorder should always be used in conjunction with the Universal Recorder.
C. AISense is suitable when object-based automation fails or is not efficient for automating tasks on applications that are accessed remotely, e.g. in a Citrix environment.
D. AISense uses computer vision to intelligently links objects by determining their application structure to deliver change-resilient automation.
E. AI Sense automatically identifies controls that Universal Recorder is unable to detect

Answer: ... , ....?

270.
A bot developer is creating a bot that should process expense reports submitted by employees in the organization. The bot should read a set of expenses and send those for approval. If the expense value of a line item is under $15, the bot should skip the record and process the next record. If the total value of all expenses exceeds $1500, the bot should stop processing and send an email to the submitting employee that the value exceeds policy limits.

Which actions should the bot developer use?

A.
The Loop action, specify Loop: Break when the line item value is under $15 and specify Loop: Continue when the total expense report value exceeds $1500
B.
The Number actions to build the logic
C.
The Loop action, specify Loop: Continue when the line item value is under $15 and specify Loop: Break when the total expense report value exceeds $1500
D.
The If, Else If, and Else actions to build the logic

Answer: ...?

271.
A developer is trying to login to the Bot Store via their control room to search for a bot to help with their Salesforce implementation. Whenever they provide their control room login credentials, they receive an error: "Either your email or your password is incorrect."

What is the most efficient way for the developer to resolve the issue?

A.
Use the Forgot Password link on the Control Room login dialog.
B.
Create a support ticket via their Automation Anywhere contact.
C.
Use their credentials for A-People.
D.
Click on Forgot Password link in the Bot Store login dialog.

Answer: ...?

272.
A user is capturing actions on an application that they want to automate using the Universal Recorder. They observe the following behavior:

While recording, a 'shield' icon is displayed in the Universal Recorder popup.
After the bot has been saved and later re-opened for editing, the capture preview does not display the captured screenshot.
What could be the reason for this?

A.
AISense recorder should be used instead of Universal Recorder.
B.
The administrator has enabled Secure Recording mode
C.
The administrator has set an older version of the Universal Recorder package as the default.
D.
The application is not supported by Universal Recorder.

Answer: ..?

273.
A developer has created a bot that causes multiple windows to open and close during execution. The timing of the bot's execution varies due to the latency of the operations and the various windows.

How can the developer handle the varying delays in the bot's execution?

A.
Use a Delay: Delay action and choose a Delay interval equivalent to the maximum wait time experienced during testing.
B.
Use a Delay: Delay action and choose Random as the Delay type.
C.
Use a Wait: Wait for screen change and choose Wait for window to close, then add another Wait: Wait for screen change to select Wait for window to open.
D.
Use a Wait: Wait for condition action and select Wait till: Wait for window of same title to exist.

Answer: ...?

274.
While testing for errors, a bot executes logic to login into a web-based application. The bot enters a username and an invalid password, causing the user-interface to display an error message, but the bot logic does not detect the error condition of an invalid password.

What should the developer add to the Error Handler: Try block to ensure that an invalid login causes an error?

A.
Add conditional logic to check for the error message, then add an Error Handler: Throw to the Catch block.
B.
Add conditional logic to check for the error message, then add an Error Handler: Throw to the Try block.
C.
Add an Error Handler: Throw in the Catch block to display the error message.
D.
Add an Error Handler: Throw action to the Try block.

Answer: ..?

275.
A developer has copied the data from a text box on a web portal to clipboard variable. Which action within the Clipboard package in Automation 360 will allow the developer to pass the value from the clipboard to a user-defined variable?

A.
Clipboard: Copy from
B.
Clipboard: Copy to
C.
Clipboard: Copy to variable
D.
Clipboard: Copy data

Answer: .?

276.
Which of the following actions can you use to set the value of a credential variable?

A.
Create a credential variable and assign a default value
B.
String: Assign and then select the Credential variable to assign the value to
C.
Credential: Assign and then select the Credential variable to assign the value to
D.
Dictionary: Assign and then select the Credential variable to assign the value to

Answer: ...?

277.
A developer has created a bot that opens a new Microsoft Edge browser window to a webpage they wish to record. Using the universal recorder, the webpage shows a red rectangle highlighting the objects, but any click reveals a message box saying, "Your Edge Plugin in either not installed or disabled"

What steps should the developer follow to ensure they capture the objects on the webpage loaded in Microsoft Edge?

A.
Download and install the Automation A2019 Chrome extension for Microsoft Edge.
B.
Check the Extensions and ensure the Automation 360 plugin is enabled.
C.
Force the Recorder to use the Microsoft Accessibility technology
D.
Use Google Chrome as Microsoft Edge is not supported in Automation 360.

Answer: ..?

278.
A human resource (HR) professional needs to find opportunities for future HR automations. Which Automation 360 tool is best suited for this specific goal?

A.
Discovery Bot
B.
RPA Workspace
C.
AARI
D.
IQ Bot

Answer: .?

279.
To secure the invoice system access, a bot developer added system login credentials to the invoice system locker in the Control Room. However, when creating the bot, the bot developer is unable to view the locker for the login credentials. What would resolve this issue?

A.
Ask the Locker administrator to grant locker consumer permission.
B.
Ask the Locker administrator to grant locker owner permission.
C.
Ask the Locker administrator to grant locker participant permission.
D.
Ask the Locker administrator to grant locker manager permission.

Answer: .?

280.
A developer has used an Error Handler: Try action block and inserted actions for the main logic of the bot. They left the Catch block field blank. While testing the logic on their bot agent device, they noticed the playback is pausing on an action for about 15 seconds, then the "Bot has completed successfully" dialog displays. They want to investigate the probable cause for the 15 seconds delay.

What should the developer do to ensure that errors are captured and displayed while running the bot?

A.
Insert a Message Box: Message box at the bottom of the Try with a 5 second time out, showing $ErrorMessage$.
B.
Insert a Message Box: Message Box into the Error Handler: Catch block to display local variables assigned by the Error Handler: Catch node.
C.
Add an Error Handler: Finally action and add logging to the bot structure.
D.
Ensure the Error Handler: Catch node assigns the error message and error line number to local variables.

Answer: ..?

281.
A developer is working on an application and learns that there is a pre-built bot in the Bot Store for this application that can be downloaded. However, the developer is not able to locate this bot in the Control Room even though it is displayed in the Bot Store tab in the repository.

What role should be assigned to the developer so that they can download and use this bot?

A.
AAE_Basic
B.
AAE_Bot Download
C.
AAE_Bot Store
D.
AAE_Bot Developer

Answer: ....?

282. 
A developer has built a bot that reads an Excel workbook using the Excel advanced package. The bot runs through a Loop with the iterator "Each row in worksheet" and the bot records values of percentages with the percentage sign.

What is the simplest method the developer should use to read the values of the percentage as just a number without the percentage sign?

A.
Use the Read option of Read visible text in cell inside the Loop: Loop node.
B.
Use a regular expression to find just the numeric digits in the record variable.
C.
Use a string operation to strip the percentage sign from the record variable.
D.
Use the Read option of Read the value inside the Loop: Loop node.

Answer: ....?

283. 
An RPA Bot Developer logs into the Control Room which has the latest updates and tries to create an Automation Anywhere Robotic Interface (AARI) process but is unable to do so. The developer checks and sees that there are additional licenses that need to be provided.

What license does the developer need to be assigned with for this feature to be available?

A.
AARI manager
B.
Attended bot runner
C.
AARI administrator
D.
AARI user

Answer: ....?

284.
A bot developer has logged into a Control Room with a Bot Creator account to build a bot. When trying to record a process from the bot editor, the following error is generated: "Device is disconnected."

Where can the device status most efficiently be checked in the Control Room?

A.
Manage > Device pools
B.
Administration > Audit log
C.
User profile > My settings
D.
Manage > Devices

Answer: ....?

285.
A bot creator is automating a banking application that needs to be accessed through Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP). What is the best way for the Bot creator to automate with this detail?

A.
Use AISense recorder for recording the tasks
B.
Use the OCR option to read the data in the screen and update the data accordingly
C.
Open the page and Simulate keystrokes
D.
Use Universal recorder for recording the tasks

Answer: .?

286.
Which of the following enables bot developers to view the version history of a bot’s dependency files once the bot is checked out?

A.
View history Task Bot action from the Private workspace
B.
View history file action from the Private workspace
C.
View history file action from the Public workspace
D.
View history Task Bot action from the Public workspace

Answer: ....?

287.
A developer finds that they often reuse identical values between the bots they develop. What Automation 360 RPA development best practice should the developer use to simplify this process?

A.
Create multiples variables with the same name
B.
Use a Work Item variable
C.
Create a Global value variable
D.
Use Predefined System variables

Answer: ...?

288.
A bot developer is creating a bot that performs the following steps:

Use the Browser: Open action to open the web page: http://rpademo.automationanywhere.com/rpadaq
Capture the table from the web page
Write the contents of the table in a CSV file
When the bot runs, it launches Google Chrome and the following error appears: "Cannot find window or application titled 'Sample Index Page - Internet Explorer' that was open during recording."

How can you resolve this error?

A.
Run the bot again with all browsers closed prior to running.
B.
Use a Table variable instead of an Any type variable to capture the contents of the table.
C.
Recapture the table using the default browser.
D.
Specify a browser in the Browser: Open action.

Answer: ....?

289.
A bot developer needs to perform automation within a corporate web application to check and process existing backlog of work orders. The automation needs to open a browser to check the backlog of work orders.

Which two browsers can be used for this automation activity within Automation 360? (Choose two.)

A. Opera
B. Safari
C. Mozilla Firefox
D. Microsoft Edge

Answer: ... , ....?

290.
A bot developer needs to automate an application hosted on Citrix XenApp Server. While they are aware of the Automation 360 Bot Agent's capability to automate such applications, they observe that it fails to get the object details of the application.

What are two methods for the developer to troubleshoot and try to resolve the failure? (Choose two.)

A. Check if AARemoteAgent.exe is running on the Citrix Server.
B. Check if Citrix Receiver is installed on the Citrix Server.
C. Check if AARemoteAgent.exe is running on the Bot Agent device.
D. Check if AARemoteAgent.exe is registered as Virtual App on the Citrix StoreFront.

Answer: . , ....?

291.
A bot developer develops a bot that performs a repetitive action within an Excel file. It repeats this until a specific condition is met at which point it moves to another part of the task to perform more actions.

Which action should be leveraged in this scenario?

A.
Terminate
B.
Break
C.
Stop
D.
End
E.
Finish

Answer: ..?

292.
A developer is creating a bot to read a series of strings from a web page and then, convert them to number variables using String: To number actions. The bot then performs a calculation using the number variables, and now needs to post the values to a field on a separate webpage.

What does the bot developer need to add before using Recorder: Capture action to set the value of the field on the second page?

A.
Using number concatenation in the String Package
B.
Using String package to convert to Locale Number
C.
Using Number package to convert to String
D.
Using String package to convert to Number

Answer: ...?

293. 
You are using the AISense recorder to automate an application. However, in the application, one of the object’s values is dependent on the values selected on another object on the same page.

For example, the values in the Country drop-down list are populated based on the value you select in the Continent drop-down.

How would you ensure that this object is automated when the bot is run?

A.
Use the Manual Anchor feature in the AISense recorder to override the default anchor
B.
Use the Screen: Capture area action to automate this object instead of AISense
C.
Add a wait action to ensure that there is sufficient time after the dependent object is automated
D.
Use the Image Recognition: Find image in window action to automate this object instead

Answer: .?

294.
Multiple developers want to use a bot to login into an SAP system. This particular bot is in the public folder and the developers want to create a run only private repository copy of the bot.

What situation must be true to allow the developers to accomplish this?

A.
Users need an Export bot role to download a copy the bot from the public repository and later upload to the private repository.
B.
Users will need to be assigned additional permissions by the administrator to create a copy of the bot.
C.
Users can use the Checkout bot from the public repository to be used in the private repository.
D.
Users can use Clone task bot role to copy the bot from public repository to private repository.

Answer: ....?

295.
An information technology administrator builds an environment that will allow parallel users to execute tasks on one host.

Which two operating systems would support this requirement so that it can be installed on the target host? (Choose two.)

A. Windows 7 Professional
B. Windows 10 Enterprise on Azure
C. Windows 2019 Server
D. Windows 10 Professional

Answer: .. , ...?

296.
A bot developer is creating a bot for an attended bot runner. After the first sub-bot logs into an external website, the automated process includes a second sub-bot that completes a series of steps in the external website, then a third bot logs out of the system. Initial development requires the attended agent to trigger the bot multiple times, executing the log in and log out processes for each triggered execution.

A.
Use the Task Bot: Run action and set the Repetition to Repeat N times - 10 times
B.
Use the Task Bot: Run action and set the Repetition to Repeat until stopped by user
C.
When scheduling the Bot, use the Repetition option during schedule creation.
D.
Use the Task Bot: Run action and set the Repetition to Repeat for time unit - 3 hours

Answer: .?

297. 
A bot developer with Bot Creator license needs to make a copy of an existing bot in the Public Workspace. How can this be accomplished?

A.
Use Copy bot.
B.
Creator licenses are allowed to edit the bot in Public and Private workspaces.
C.
Use Clone Bot.
D.
Check-out the bot from Public Workspace.

Answer: ...?

298. 
A Bot Developer is automating a web application that can be opened only in the Internet Explorer browser and involves clicking on the Submit button on the page. The condition is to click on Submit that gets enabled if the page is completely loaded.

Which is the best If condition to work in this situation?

A.
Image Recognition: Window is found in image file
B.
Image Recognition: Image file is found in window
C.
Image Recognition: Image file is found in image file
D.
Recorder: Object exists

Answer: ....?

299.
A bot developer wants to preload packages in Automation 360 that will help them decrease the time to run their first bot.

Which of the following approaches is best suited for this requirement?

A.
Preload all available versions of commonly used and user specified (if any) packages
B.
Preload only the set of user specified packages
C.
Preload default versions of commonly used and user specified (if any) packages
D.
Preload all the versions of all the packages

Answer: ...?

300.
A bot developer is looking to save time by leveraging pre-developed bots from the Bot Store. When downloading a bot from Bot Store into the Control Room, which folder inside the Control Room receives the download?

A.
My downloads
B.
Bot Store downloads
C.
Bot Store
D.
My bots

Answer: ...?

301.
A bot is found to fail on each run. The audit log indicates an error "Unable to find TEXTBOX. Search Criteria did not match." at line 12. Troubleshooting reveals that a previous line is entering a blank password resulting in a failed login.

What can be done to resolve this issue securely?

A.
Re-record the textbox on line 12
B.
Use a Credential variable and verify the bot runner user has values entered for this credential
C.
Enter the password in plain text in the Recorder command on line 11
D.
Read the password from a file on a shared file system into a String variable and enter the String variable into the Recorder command

Answer: ..?

302.A human resource onboarding process includes reading employee data from an Excel file and sending notifications to new employees. The Excel file contains data for all employees. A bot automating this process loops through the employee data and sends notifications to new employees. The human resources manager has asked to stop sending notifications to Employee Type: Existing Employees.

How can this be accomplished?

A.
Use the IF command to check Employee Type and string operations to set an invalid email address as the recipient.
B.
Use the IF command to check Employee Type and a Loop: Continue command.
C.
Setup a rule on the email server to block email coming from the Automation Anywhere server to current employees.
D.
Only send emails to employees in the first half of the spreadsheet to minimize the problem.

Answer: ..?

303. 
A developer is automating email handling and ticket creation during off-hours. To do this, the developer has created DateTime type variables and assigned the begin time and the end time conditions to perform the automation. But the automation is not following the time set in the begin time and end time. The developer assigned the value using the custom format MM DD YYYY HH:MM to the datetime variable.

How can the developer resolve this issue?

A.
Use the 'BASIC_ISO_DATE' in the prebuilt format.
B.
Run the bot using Number variable type.
C.
Reset the mailbox.
D.
Include time zone details in the value and custom format.

Answer: ....?

304.
A user is automating a claims process that involves opening different websites to read and update claims related data. The user wants to store the application window title.

Which variable type is most suited for this operation?

A.
Window
B.
Credential
C.
List
D.
File

Answer: .?

305.
An analyst wants to document the steps for the business process they own. The analyst requests the Control Room administrator to create a user for them in the system.

What is the role that needs to be assigned to analyst's user?

A.
AAE_Basic
B.
AAE_Discovery Bot User
C.
AAE_Bot Developer
D.
AAE_Discovery Bot Analyst

Answer: ....?

306.
A bot developer is creating a bot that would read data from a Microsoft Excel worksheet and enter the data into a webpage using a recorder. The webpage is open on a remote application at the client end.

How can the bot developer ensure that the recording happens correctly and without additional installation at the client end?

A.
Ensure that the bot agent is installed on the remote desktop
B.
Perform the recording using the universal recorder and ensure that the remote application is present on the taskbar
C.
Use a combination of mouse clicks and simulate keystroke actions
D.
Perform the recording using the AI sense recorder and ensure that the remote application is present on the taskbar

Answer: ....?

307.
A human resource process uses a set of tax codes stored in a List variable. A bot loops through the list and enters data into the HR system.

What is the starting index value of the list?

A. 0
B. -1
C. A
D. 1

Answer: .?

308.
A developer has installed the Bot Agent onto his Windows 8 32-bit virtual machine with 4GB of RAM working in an Amazon AWS EC2 instance. After building the bot, the developer has trouble deploying the bot to the device if they are not always logged in.

What two items may need to be updated? (Choose two.)

A. Ensure auto-login in enabled.
B. Increase the amount of RAM to 16 GB to meet minimum requirements.
C. Upgrade to a 64-bit OS 
D. Populate the device credentials for the bot agent device.
E. Increase the amount of RAM to 8 GB to meet the recommended requirements. 

Answer: ... , .....?

309.
A bot developer is developing a bot that should lock the computer screen after the bot execution. What is the most efficient way to achieve this?

A.

Use the SNMP: Set action.
B.

Use the System: Lock computer action. 

C.

Use the Application: Open program/file action.

D.

Use the VBScript: Run function action.

Answer: ..?

310.

A manager requests that a developer build a bot that provides the time of bot execution and the machine name of the bot runner.

Which variable type should the developer user to meet the requirement?

A.

Predefined System Variables
B.

Session Variables
C.

Global Values
D.

User Defined Variables

Answer: .?

311.
A user is trying to record a web application using the Universal Recorder but every time they finish the recording and attempt to run it, the bot fails when clicking on certain objects.

How can the automation be made more robust when the bot cannot reliably identify an object?

A.

Link an object to a supporting anchor 

 

B.

Use the AISense recorder

 

C.

Use the Smart Recorder to capture the object

 

D.

Use a command to refresh the page

Answer: .?

312. A company just started its automation journey. The bot creators want to use a repository to manage the bot versions. When they try to access the repository, they receive an access denied error. All the bot creators need access to the repository and request the administrator to enable access for anyone with a Bot creator license.

How would the administrator meet this request?

A.

Create a custom role with the bot execute permissions and assign the role to all of the bot creators.

 

B.

Create a custom role with administrator permissions and assign the role to all Control Room administrators.

 

C.

Create a custom role with the appropriate permissions and assign the role to all of the bot runners.

 

D.

Create a custom role with the appropriate permissions and assign the role to all of the bot creators. 

Answer: ....?

313.
An RPA Solution Architect needs to work on an RPA Project that has a system with multiple Window Titles, most of them with few common words on the window title. To build a more robust bot the architect needs to use a pattern to only identify those window titles that match this pattern.

What is the most effective way to accomplish this?

A.

By using a Variable

 

B.

By using a Regular Expression 

 

C.

By using a Wildcard

 

D.

By using a String value with the Window Title

Answer: ..?

314.
A developer has opened an Excel workbook with a large number of rows of data, the bot successfully processes the data using the Loop iterator Each row in worksheet, but the bot performance is slower than expected. What method should the developer use to improve performance?

A.

Save the spreadsheet as a CSV file and use the Loop iterator for each row in a CSV/TXT file.

 

B.

Use the Multiple variables option instead of the Record option in the Assign the current value to this variable section.

 

C.

Use the Loop iterator for each row in a table.

 

D.

Read the spreadsheet data using Get multiple cells and use the Loop iterator, "for each row in table." 

Answer: ....?

315.
A business process is automated using a parent bot and three child bots. Global values store static data used by all four bots. The bot developer is unable to create new global values.

How would the developer get those variables created?

A.

Ask for the proper roles to be assigned to allow the creation of Global Values.

 

B.

Create a new String variable.

 

C.

Ask an administrator to create the Global Value. 

 

D.

Create a variable and convert it to a Global Value.

Answer: ...?

316.
You are automating a web page that requires the user to login and then displays a dashboard page based on the logged in user’s privileges. You need to ensure that the actions on the dashboard page are executed only after the page is fully loaded. How would you do this?

A.

Capture the objects on the dashboard page using the Wait: Wait for window action along with the ‘Wait for window to open’ option

 

B.

Capture the objects on the dashboard page using AISense recorder as AISense ensures that the page is loaded completely before capturing the objects on it

 

C.

Capture the objects on the dashboard page using the Universal recorder as the Universal Recorder ensures that the page is loaded completely before capturing the objects on it

 

D.

Capture the objects on the dashboard page using the Wait: Wait for screen change action along with the ‘Capture region’ option

Answer: ....?

317.
A citizen developer wants to record a simple task to upload data to a legacy application that is used daily. Using the Universal Recorder option, the object text box cannot be captured.

Which recorder should be used to resolve this issue?

A.

Web Recorder

 

B.

Capture Recorder

 

C.

Smart Automation

 

D.

AISense Recorder

Answer: ....?

318.

A bot developer created a bot and checked it in to a public folder. The next day, the developer finds that the bot has been unexpectedly edited. Before restoring the bot back to its original configuration, the developer wants to talk to the individual that edited the bot.

How should the developer proceed next?

A.
Use the feature View modifiers Task Bot to identify who edited the bot
B.
Email the other bot developers asking who modified the bot
C.
Use the feature View history Task Bot to identify who edited the bot
D.
Reach out to the system administrator to find out who accessed the shared folder after the bot was posted.

Answer: ...?

319.
The Commission Calculator bot reads rows from a Microsoft Excel worksheet one-by-one and updates a form in SAP. The bot uses a Loop action with the iterator 'For each row in worksheet' and assigns the current value to a String variable named 'current_Row'. However, the variable does not seem to appear in the list for selection.

What change should the bot developer make to resolve this issue?

A.
Declare the variable as an 'Array' type
B.
Declare the variable as a system variable
C.
Remove the _ (underscore) symbol from the variable name
D.
Declare the variable as a 'Record' type 

Answer: ....?

320.
A bot developer needs to allow users to reuse identical values between bots. The developer does not want the users to have to create new variables for each bot and to allow all users to overwrite those variable values for use in their bots.

What variable type should the developer use for this scenario?

A.
Credential vault variable
B.
Predefined variables
C.
Global values 
D.
User-defined variables

Answer: ...?

321.
 A developer is creating a child bot that will read an XLSX file that is stored in the path c:\users\Developer.1\Bot_Input. This bot should also log the errors encountered in a log file and return appropriate errors to the parent bot.

What should the developer implement in the code to ensure that the errors are logged?

A.
Use the Try and Catch actions from the Error handler package
B.
Use the If: if and Loop: loop On error condition
C.
Error handling is available inherently
D.
Use the Try, Throw, and Catch actions from the Error handler package 

Answer: ....?

322.
Which of the following are the rules you can set in the Code Analysis Policy? (Choose three.)

A. Limit the type of variables that can be created
B. Maximum number of lines of code*
C. Limit the list of packages that can be used
D. Specify whether hard-coded values can be used for the File path
E. Variable Name pattern

Answer: .....?

323.
A bot developer needs to enter text into a form field on a web site. Which action is to be used for this activity?

A.
Insert keyboard
B.
Simulate keystrokes
C.
Insert keystrokes
D.
Simulate keyboard

Answer: ..?

324. A bot developer wants to run a JavaScript code on a bot runner machine using the "JavaScript" package.

What should the bot developer do?

A.
The bot developer should ensure that JavaScript exists on the Bot Runner machine and not in the Control Room
B.
The bot developer should ensure that JavaScript exists in the Control Room and not on the Bot Runner machine
C.
The bot developer should specify the JavaScript code using 'import existing file' AND 'manual input' option using the JavaScript: Open action
D.
The bot developer should specify the JavaScript code either using 'import existing file' or 'manual input' option using the JavaScript: Open action

Answer: ....?



325. You need to develop a bot that automates an application using the SOAP service. However, you are not able to see the SOAP Web Service package in the list of Actions. What do you need to do?

A. The Control Room Administrator has not provided Manage packages permission Bfor your user account. 
B. Contact the Control Room Administrator to obtain this permission.
C. The Control Room Administrator has restricted access to this package to a selected role. 
D. Contact the Control Room Administrator to add your user to the role.
Answer: .?


326. A Solution Architect wants to make sure that all team members use a certain date format in the bots that they develop, so that if the bot is reused and the value is changed, the storing variable itself cannot be deleted. 
How can this be achieved?

A.Use a Predefined System String variable. 
B.Create and use a Global value to store format string.
C.Mandate use of User Variable in the master bot.
D.Create and use a Credential variable.
Answer: ..?

327 A manager wants to set up automatic file archiving for files in a specific location that have not been updated in a week by moving them from that location to archive folder location. 
How would a bot developer meet this request while looping through each file in the folder?

A.Assign the name and extension from the Dictionary type variable. To move the files, use the File package Copy action and Delete action.
B.Assign the name and extension to the Table type variable. To move the files, use the File package Archive action.
C.Assign the name and extension to the Dictionary type variable. To move the files, use the File package Move action.
D.Assign the name and extension to the Table type variable. To move the files, use the File package Copy action and Delete action.
Answer:.?

328 A non-administrative user has executed a bot and runs it on a bot runner machine.
What is the most efficient way that the user can check the execution status?

A. Go to the Activity > Historical tab and check the Status column.
B. Check the Windows Status bar notifications
C. Log in as the administrator to check the Audit Logs and view the status of execution.
D. Check the user email inbox for an email alert of a successful execution of the bot.
Answer: ...?

329 A new developer has joined the RPA team and accidently deleted a bot from a public repository while in training. The developer asks the RPA Solution Architect for assistance.
How should the RPA Solution Architect resolve this issue?

A. Upload the CSV
B. Copy from TFS
C. Rollback from SVN
D. Restore from GIT
Answer: ....?

330 A bot is supposed to open a website using the Google Chrome browser. It works correctly on user A's system but when executed on user B's system, it opens the website using the Internet Explorer browser instead.
What is the possible reason for this?

A. This bot calls the Browser: Open action with the browser to Default Browser. On user A's system, the default web browser was Google Chrome and on user B's system, it was Internet Explorer.
B. This bot calls the Browser: Open action with the browser set to Internet Explorer. On user A's system, the default web browser was Google Chrome and on user B's system, it was Internet Explorer.
C. This bot calls the Browser: Open action with the browser set to Mozilla Firefox. On user A's system, the default web browser was Google Chrome and on user B's system, it was Internet Explorer.
D. This bot calls the Browser: Open action with the browser set to Google Chrome. On user A's system, the default web browser was Google Chrome and on user B's system, it was Internet Explorer.
Answer: .?

331 A developer has designed an automation to open an application for a human resources employee on an attended bot runner. The goal is to automate leave-management tasks so that the next part of automation starts only after the user credentials are provided.
How can this be achieved?

A. Use Delay
B. Use the Loop While Window action
C. Use the Wait for screen change action
D. Use the If Loop action
Answer: ...?



An architect is working on an RPA project and has to make sure that Leads on the project have the necessary permissions to store the bots in a public workspace.

What are the two minimum permissions required so that the Leads can store the bots in the public workspace? (Choose two.)

Create Folders
View my bots
Delete from Public
Check In

answer: .,....

A user is capturing actions on an application that they want to automate using the AISense Recorder. The user scrolls down in the target application to capture a particular object. Now, the objects in the application are not getting highlighted.

How would the user resolve this issue?

Define the object and the supporting anchor.
Select the Scan button to analyze the window objects.
Wait 20 seconds for the highlight to appear.
Edit the Capture action once the recording has been completed.

answer: ..

The contact center department wants to automate common tasks to speed up call times and reduce errors. These tasks are initiated by a contact center agent and may require some input from the agent.

What two ways can the bot developer add human interaction into the bot? Choose two.

Display messages using the Message Box command
Log requests to a text file
Use the Interactive Forms package
Create a Form and Process for AARI Web

answer: …,....

While testing for errors, a bot executes logic to login into a web-based application. The bot enters a username and an invalid password, causing the user-interface to display an error message, but the bot logic does not detect the error condition of an invalid password.

What should the developer add to the Error Handler: Try block to ensure that an invalid login causes an error?

Add conditional logic to check for the error message, then add an Error Handler: Throw to the Try block.
Add an Error Handler: Throw action to the Try block.
Add an Error Handler: Throw in the Catch block to display the error message.
Add conditional logic to check for the error message, then add an Error Handler: Throw to the Catch block.

answer: .

A bot developer has been asked to build a bot to record a process within an application. The process involves entering data into multiple fields within different sections.

How would the bot developer accomplish this request?

Click Start Recording, select the application, and click through each of the fields
Click Start Recording, select the application, and tab through each of the fields
Click Start Recording, select the application, and tab through each of the sections
Click Start Recording, select the application, and click through each of the sections

answer: .

You are using the AISense recorder to automate an application. However, in the application, one of the object’s values is dependent on the values selected on another object on the same page.

For example, the values in the Country drop-down list are populated based on the value you select in the Continent drop-down.

How would you ensure that this object is automated when the bot is run?

Use the Manual Anchor feature in the AISense recorder to override the default anchor
Use the Screen: Capture area action to automate this object instead of AISense
Add a wait action to ensure that there is sufficient time after the dependent object is automated
Use the Image Recognition: Find image in window action to automate this object instead

answer: …?

Which of the following enables bot developers to view the list of files and bots that a bot uses to run?

View dependencies and references in the Private workspace
Bot Assistant in the Bot Edito
Advanced options in the Checkout page
Version History of the bot from the Public workspac

answer:.

A developer requires to use Excel file operations while building a bot for data reconciliation. The system does not have the desktop version of Microsoft Excel installed on it.

Which Excel package in Automation 360 can be used for this scenario?

File operations package
Excel Basic package .......
Excel Advanced package
Office 365 Excel packa

A financial reconciliation task requires the comparison of several spreadsheets. While running the bot an error is encountered when attempting to edit one of the spreadsheets:

'Session' error due to one or more of the following reasons.

Session name is blank
Local session does not exist
Shared session does not exist.
How can this issue be resolved?

a
Log Excel data to a local file.
b
Create a new Session variable.
c
Insert error handling commands to catch and report the error.
d
Verify each Excel command is configured with the correct Session name.

asnwer: . . . .

A bot developer is building a bot to manage overtime effectively. The bot should check employees' work time at the end of every month using a timesheet CSV file downloaded from the attendance system. The file contains each employee name, position, and total hours worked in a month. The bot should find all employees who worked overtime for more than 20 hours but exempt the managers. Which If conditions would the bot developer use?

List and Date conditions
String or Number condition
Dictionary and String conditions
String and Number conditions

answer: . . . .

A bot developer has a CSV file which contains five columns separated by commas. They create a bot to extract data from the first column of the CSV using the CSV/TXT: Open and Loop: Loop actions. However, the bot extracts five items in a row, not the first index item. Why is this occurring?

The selected encoding in the CSV/TXT package Open action was not aligned to that of the CSV file
The 'Trim leading spaces' and 'Trim trailing spaces' check boxes are on in the Open action of the CSV/TXT package
The delimiter of the Open action in the CSV/TXT package was set to 'Newline'
The delimiter of the Open action in the CSV/TXT package was set to 'Other' and ',' is entered in the Specific Delimiter field

answer: . . . .

A developer has checked-out a bot "MainLogin-Sub" that logs into a system. She wants to use this bot as a sub-bot for a process she wants to automate. Before making any changes or using the checked-out bot, another developer wants to make some enhancements to the "MainLogin-Sub" bot, and is asking her to check-in her bot so he can complete his changes.

How can the developer continue to work on her bot, while the other developer makes enhancements?

Cancel the Check-out and use the remaining Clone in her private workspace.
Cancel the Check-out and then Clone the bot to continue development of her bot using the cloned bot in her private workspace.
Check-in the bot without any changes, leaving a comment "checked in without changes".
Cancel the Check-out to help the other developer complete his improvements.

answer: ..

Fin del documento 

Nota Importante:
---------------
De 60 preguntas en total, recordemos que:
---------------
68% = 41 preguntas buenas no pasa la certificacion 
78% = 47 preguntas buenas no pasa la certificacion
80% = 48 preguntas buenas, es lo minimo para *** pasar la certificacion ***
90% = 54 preguntas buenas, *** pasa la certificacion ***
98% = 59 preguntas buenas, *** pasa la certificacion ***
---------------

Sistema Numerico Maya
0 1  2   3    4 5  6   7    8     9 10 11    12    13     14  15   16    17     18      19
0 . .. ... .... - -. -.. -... -.... -- --. --.. --... --.... --- ---. ---.. ---... ---....


